date,title,content,URL
"24 Mar, 2021","‘I’m done, Britain’: When a copper pens a heartfelt resignation letter like this, it shows we live in a warped and broken society","An anonymous police officer has quit, publishing a searing indictment of how we treat our men and women in blue. Having worked in policing for nearly 40 years, I recognise the sentiments, and I despair. Kevin Hurleyis the former Head of Counter Terrorism at the City of London Police and a reservist army officer. He has spent two tours in Iraq and one in Afghanistan addressing insurgency as both a police specialist and a soldier. I urge you to read the disturbing words below, and if not weep, then think very carefully about them. They are a cry from the heart – and should be a wake-up call for all of us who want to live in a decent, harmonious society in which the law is upheld and we are safe to go about our business in peace. As a former senior officer in the Metropolitan force and a former elected police and crime commissioner, I have heard similar words to this articulated a thousand times. It is still depressing for me to read them, and they may well shock you. It’s the story of why a very experienced, articulate, caring and sensitive officer is leaving the job after 20 years, when they’re in their prime as a public servant, with perhaps another 15 or more to give. The writer’s sentiments are not unusual. I can tell you of gifted Oxford graduates, filled with hopelessness, who resign using such language. Of experienced, well-motivated detectives walking out the door to join the financial services industry. Of expensively trained firearms officers leaving to drive a train and enjoy a more relaxed life and better pay. I’ve seen former teachers, nurses, army officers and political advisers joining and then leaving the force because they were overwhelmed by the frustration, criticism and sense of futility they faced as police officers. I’ve reproduced most of this resignation letter in full, because it reveals things about our society that all of us, not just the police or public servants, should be concerned about. Maybe, amid the pandemic, we might pause and think about what this lone copper is really saying to us. We would be wise to do so, because it’s nearly too late to address the vital issues they raise . Remember, too, that this officerpennedthe following last week, before the avalanche of criticisms made of the police with regard to the Claphamvigiland theriotsin Bristol: “I’m a cop of 20 years. I’m leaving. I’m done. “I’m done with duplicitous liars and twisters of the truth in Parliament, who destroyed policing to further their own careers. I’m done with those charlatans and snake-oil salesmen and women who spread their bile. Whose acid eats away at society, its values and future. I’m done with the utter lack of consequences of their corruption. “I’m done with the duplicitous liars and twisters of truth in the media and ‘journalism’ with their spin, lies, misrepresentation and half-truths. I’m done with their 24-hours news, their Twitter echo chambers, their pile-on tactics and agendas, to invent the next big story or extend the life of the old one. I’m done with their sickening pretence that they are on some crusade to make the world a better place. “I’m done with the socially corrosive special-interest groups who want to be top of the victimhood ladder and are prepared to burn the world and anyone different to them, to ensure they are heard above anyone else. Their constant screaming for attention and ever more fantastical claims that bear no scrutiny, but which they know they will never be challenged on, because, you know, ‘cancel culture’. “I’m done with the public, their violence, their lying, their abuse, their spitting, their constant screaming for instant gratification and destruction of anything and everyone around them if they don’t get their own way, like a bunch of petulant adolescents. I’m done with their demand for every right, real or imagined, and their utter lack of personal or social responsibility to each other. “I’m done with the senior officers who will jump on any bandwagon, throw any officer under a bus for doing their job, do anything at all to get that next rank and more power. I’m done with them pretending to be cops when they are just politicians in uniform. At least real politicians don’t seek to hide their stench and are there for all the world to see, in all their obnoxious, odious glory. “I’m done with the far left and far right, two sides of the same violent, socially corrosive and destructive coin, trampling over anyone and everyone, destroying anything in their paths, if it doesn’t conform to the ‘right’ narrative or worldview. I’m done with their red and black flags, their balaclavas, their violence, bullying, and intimidation. I’m done with them calling themselves Nazis or Antifa and pretending they are any different to the opposition. I’m done with their antilocution and persecution of anyone that isn’t on their side. I’m done with their cheerleaders in the media who adopt their causes but absolve themselves of any responsibility for the harm they cause. “I’m done with the Soviet-era scale of bureaucracy that stops me doing my job, the projects that strangely never fail, the nepotism in the promotion boards, and the boys’ and girls’ clubs in policing that look after each other, no matter how incompetent, and screw everyone else who isn’t in their gang. I’m done with their self-promoting cliques and the associations they hide behind when they’re professionally incompetent – but they’re always useful for a photo opportunity to make the force look good with whatever group is having their week or is fashionable that day. “I’m done with the (few) corrupt cops who drag all our names through the mud, and the false narrative that the vast majority of frontline cops are tainted. “I’m done seeing my brothers and sisters on the frontline battered, criticised, unsupported and demoralised. I’m done with their fortitude, inherent goodness and the sense of service that makes them run forward, knowing the armchair critics will crucify them after. I’m done with their false hope that things will improve, society will value them. I’m done with them being lied to by our leaders and then lying to themselves that, maybe, this time those leaders can be trusted. I’m done with seeing those youngsters suffer and age too fast as a decent life passes them by as they waste their lives on this. “I’m done with grandstanding cops dancing for YouTube, wearing rainbows as self-promotion, kneeling for a Twitter photo, lecturing the public about things that shouldn’t concern us, forgetting we are the law police. I’m done with the false narrative that suggests this is the norm and that all cops are more interested in being woke social workers than doing their job – a false narrative we have facilitated by allowing this self-indulgent, shameless self-promotion for a few individuals to proliferate. “I’m done with cops being told they are somehow lesser without a degree and their instincts are biased and bad, that experience and street knowledge is discriminatory. I’m done with the lies that the College of Policing is on our side. That the Courts value and support us. That the Independent Office for Police Conduct isn’t an insidiously untrustworthy organisation out to get us. That Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary understands policing. ‘I’ve had it with cleaning up all public faeces’ “I’m done with the anxiety, the anger, the constant state of heightened arousal in case of danger, even when I should be feeling safe in my own home. I’m done with the corrosive damage to my physical and mental health, sacrificed for a country and public, serving both in green and blue for a country that couldn’t give a toss. “I’m done with the deaths, the suffering, the violence, the dishonesty, the predatory behaviour and all the other public faeces that you ask us to clean up “I’m done with the indescribable levels of frustration, rage, hate and despair that all the above has filled my life with, when all I wanted to do was look after the good people and lock up the bad. I’m done with the cynicism and the distrust that’s left me with, and the times I’ve put my family last to ensure I was there for someone else’s. I’m done with the pain it causes them to see what this job does to us. “I’m a cop of 20 years’ service and I’m done with it. Sort your own mess out,or don’t and let it all collapse around you. “I’m done and I really don’t care anymore.” Reading this I am sure about one thing; this is a good officer talking, and she or he is passionate and still cares, but has had enough. Their resignation, one more alongside the ever-growing thousands of experienced coppers, will be a loss to us all. Boris Johnson’s promise of 20,000 novice police officers in three years will go nowhere near making up for them. I know the police in intimate detail, how most of them think and why they do what they do. The constables, inspectors, superintendents and chief officers. I doubt any one of them would disagree with most of the sentiments expressed here – unless they were after promotion, of course. I don’t know about you, but what this officer is telling us is clear: we are in trouble as a society. The ‘woke’ and the special-interest groups are starting to wag the dog. The bottom line is that this nation has been able to create the values, security, lifestyle, social support services and freedom of expression we all enjoy for one reason: lots of people have worked to build and protect it. We are now in danger of seeing what we cherish eroded and taken away by those who feel they have a right to do so. Probably the last line in defence against the crashing waves of self-entitlement and the predatory is the police. From what this officer tells us, that crumbling wall is in grave danger of collapsing under the weight. We have been warned. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/519029-uk-police-heartfelt-resignation/
"23 Mar, 2021",Byte worse than its bark? Armed robot dogs don’t belong in the US police – Black Mirror is not an instruction manual for officers,"Unleashing weaponized robotic dogs to supplant the US’s metastasizing police forces is not just a bad idea – it’s a disastrous move that will vastly compound the levels of human suffering for which cops are responsible. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram ""DigiDog,"" the nickname given to Boston Dynamics robo-canine monster by the New York Police Department, has been tested over the last year by the agency for its ability to see in the dark, assess threats, and otherwise perform policing duties human officers cannot. Hailed for its usefulness by the NYPD emergency service and bomb squad units, it was singled out last week by New York City Council member Ben Kallos, who called for a unilateral ban on the use of ""robots armed wit ha weapon"" in a manner ""likely to cause death or serious physical injury."" Kallos unveiled the No Killer Robots Act in an effort to crack down on the use of secretive surveillance and technology tools, with New York one of three American states (along with Massachusetts and Hawai i) that have made a not-so-subtle show of testing the quadruped attack dogs in public. New York City Council passed its Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology Act in June, in what was ostensibly an effort to keep citizens informed about their police force use of armed robots and other technological advances and to give them a say in how such tactics are rolled out, though the dog recent reappearance last month at the site of a home invasion would suggest the NYPD hasn t been adhering particularly strongly to the rule. The No Killer Robots Act would be the country first law barring police from deploying armed robots against citizens in the streets, though Boston Dynamics has implied Spot is really just a friendly, if expensive at $74,500, little surveillance puppy. Not to be confused with the ferocious dog-like robots who hunt down helpless humans in the 2011 Black Mirrorepisode-  that just fiction, got it? ""All of our buyers, without exception, must agree that Spot will not be used as a weapon or configured to hold a weapon,"" Boston Dynamics CEO Robert Player declares in the company terms of service. Given the NYPD and its fellow police force general disinclination to adhere to inconveniences like laws, especially those involving murder, however, it unlikely that mere terms of service will keeps the city cops from venturing into the legal no-man s-land of unleashing the killer potential of a herd of wild Spots. Even Kallos has clarified he not 100% against the idea of using Spot (or DigiDog, or whatever cuddly name the NYPD opts to ultimately slap on its four-legged supersoldiers) to perform tasks that would be considered dangerous for humans, like deactivating a bomb - only ""weaponized robots"" would be off limits under his bill. But the possibility for armed robots to snowball into tools of suppression and terror is a very real risk, as California Polytechnic University director of the Ethics and Emerging Sciences Group, Patrick Lin,toldWired earlier this month. ""Robots can save police lives, and that a good thing. But we also need to be careful it doesn t make a police force more violent,"" Lin explained. Drone warfare has made the Pentagon less apprehensive about recklessly diving into new conflicts, knowing that the worst that could happen to the US military is one of its unmanned aerial killers being shot out of the sky, even as its adversary - say, Libya - is catapulted into a horrific nightmare replete with open-air slave markets and refugees regularly drowning off the coast. So, too, a police force comprised of mechanized dogs of war would avoid the macabre spectacle of coffins being marched down the street in a multi-officer funeral. So what to stop DigiDog being given a tool to incapacitate the bomber after it defuses the bomb? Given the human instinct to recoil from these beasts, inhabitants of the uncanny valley as they unapologetically are, it will be awfully tempting for police (after losing bot after bot to creeped-out citizens unable to resist the urge to soak the vile creatures in saltwater, shorting their circuits) to start acting on the urge to fight back. Playter notes optimistically that ""robots will achieve long-term commercial viability only if people see robots as helpful, beneficial tools without worrying if they re going to cause harm."" Fat chance. The possibility that flesh-and-blood police officers will instinctively treat their robot partners as normal K-9s also elevates the risk that Boston Dynamics inanimate objects will be protected with the same degree of solicitousness as real live K-9s - leaving open the possibility that the ""lives"" of bot K-s will be avenged with the same ferocity as the real things - defeating the entire purpose of using them, as humans are murdered for ""killing"" non-living machines. $74,500 isn t cheap, either - plus whatever added cost covers the weapon attachments - and there always the possibility cops will take it upon themselves to enact vengeance on civilians who trash their artificial partners, worried about having the cost docked from their pay. There also the risk that robot dogs will be smuggled in through the side door, introduced as seemingly innocuous tools for maintaining soft mandates like Covid-19 social distancing - a job they performedin Singaporewith creepy but effective panache. But what to stop silicon K-9s from jumping the behavioral boundaries humans are innately programmed with - the instinctive aversion to killing one fellow man, say, or wiping out real dogs in the manner police officers seem sokeen on? Ultimately, Boston Dynamics robot dogs are creatures of their programmers. If one believes - as the blacklivesmatter slogan goes - that ""all cops are bastards,"" that umbrella will cover any artificial intelligence programmed by those officers. A bad apple is a bad apple, and a bad pooch is a bad pooch, no matter how much surplus cute-factor is ladled onto the basic framework the creatures are outfitted with. If anything, the lack of presence of an actual human intelligence operating the dog implies a greater lack of responsibility, as the officers know they can get away with proportionally more misdeeds the further they are distanced from the machines they re operating. Essentially, the problems of drone warfare will be writ large and set loose running through American streets. Just as police officers who ve served in the US military in Iraq and Afghanistan - or undergone ""counter-terror""trainingin Israel - later treat the people they re tasked with ""serving and protecting"" like second-class citizens, shooting first and asking questions later, nothing good will come of bringing drone warfare home to the US. Armed drones have no place in the United States and must be banned before the first weaponized silicon canine sinks its teeth - or shoots its bullets - into an innocent human being. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518951-robotic-dogs-weaponized-nypd-failure/
"23 Mar, 2021","Killer talk: Democrats & liberal media whip up anti-Russia, anti-GOP hysteria to hide their misdeeds, but this ploy will fail","The Biden White House is quickly painting itself into a corner on the global and domestic fronts, labeling anyone outside of the Democratic franchise in the harshest terms. Is American hubris so bad it has forgotten diplomacy? Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge In the paranoid mindset of the Biden administration, sequestered as it is behind a barbed-wire enclosure it erected following the “insurrection” of January 6, enemies are everywhere. From the purported white supremacists and ‘domestic terrorists’ that fill the rosters of the republicanparty , to the “killer” inside of the Kremlin who apparently has nothing better to do these days than meddle in US elections, the list is a long one. By way of example, consider a recent interview that ABC political commentator George Stephanopoulos conducted with US President Joe Biden, which touched upon an intelligence report that says Vladimir Putin and other senior Russian officials “PROBABLY directed Russia’s influence against the 2020 US Presidential election.” It is the same interview in which Putin is described as “a killer,” not initially by Biden, incidentally, but by his interlocutor. Stephanopoulos asks, apropos of nothing, “You think [Putin’s] a killer?” To which the US leader dutifully responds, “Uh-huh. I do.” When Stephanopoulos, in typically belligerent liberal fashion, pushes to know “what price he must pay,” the US president’s brain is out to lunch, as he begins to mutter a string of incoherencies and half sentences that have become the trademark of Biden speak. Clearly, the US mainstream media is back in its comfort zone, at liberty once again to write up its own foreign policy agenda – even during an interview with the president. In fact, it’s surprising that Biden was not taking dictation as Stephanopoulos ran his mouth. Although Donald Trump certainly had his defects, no reporter would have been able to run roughshod over him, making him agree to foolish remarks that could have tremendous repercussions on the world stage. The irony over the Democratic Party’s endless jabber about “Russian meddling in the US elections” is that the worst offender of that charge is none other than the Democrats themselves. Indeed, Nancy Pelosi’s euphemistically entitled “For the People Act,” should it be passed, would effectively institutionalize ballot fraud in all future elections, quickly turning the republicanparty into a dinosaur more worthy of a museum than any campaign trail. “The law would make permanent the Covid-19 emergency mail-in voting system, overriding whatever each state’s election law says,”explainedthe writer James Howard Kunstler, “plus permitting same-day motor-voter registration of any live body, citizen or not, plus removing all voter ID requirements, and much more to ensure the country is never again threatened by a fair election.” What better way for the Democrats to camouflage their deranged efforts to own the US election system than to scream “The Russians are coming!” at every opportunity?  And the Russian blame game certainly did not end there. Earlier this month, The New York Times ran yet another one of those classic “anonymous sources said”piecesthat is loaded to the rafters with potentially explosive consequences. Reporting on yet another unproven incident of “Russian meddling,” this time against US government agencies and corporations, the Times increased global warming dramatically with the following statement: “The first major move [against Russia] is expected over the next three weeks, officials said, with a series of clandestine actions across Russian networks that are intended to be evident to President Vladimir V. Putin and his intelligence services and military but not to the wider world” (Incidentally, this is not the first time that such threats have been made. In 2016, the US-based Atlantic Council,salivatingover the prospect of some hypothetical war with Russia, said cyber-offensive operations could include “the Moscow metro, the St. Petersburg power network, and Russian state-run media outlets such as RT.”) Keep in mind that the Times released this uncritical bit of bombast even though the identity of the purported perpetrators is not remotely clear. This demonstrates nicely how the left-wing media, which is nothing more or less than the official propaganda arm of the Democratic Party, can forward any insane, unsubstantiated claim without needlessly concerning itself with the blowback – that ranges from defamation claims, to full-blown military escalation. The same rule applies to the domestic situation, where the Democrat-friendly media can vilify conservative voters, defaming them as ‘white supremacists,’ at the very same time that blacklivesmatter protesters are carrying out “mostly peaceful protests” that still managed to carry a billion-dollar price tag to rebuild destroyed neighborhoods across the country. Just imagine the result had they been ‘mostly violent protests’! When jaded Trump supporters, most armed with nothing deadlier than iPhones, stormed the Capitol building on January 6 to protest the results of the 2020 presidential election, they were compared to the same al-Qaeda terrorists who carried out the attacks against the United States on 9/11. Yet when BLM and Antifa hurled Molotov cocktails and attacked police at the Portland federal courthouse, eventually seizing an entire urban block of Seattle in an effort to create a “police-free autonomous zone,” the media practically honored them as national heroes. With this sort of disproportional media support at its disposal, the Democratic Party will continue to exist as a clear and present danger on the global and domestic stage. Thankfully, however, the problem is finally getting some due attention. Just last week, US Senior Circuit Judge Laurence Silberman, while penning his ruling in a libel case,took issuewith “Democratic Party ideological control” that is maintained through its massive media holdings. “Two of the three most influential papers (at least historically), The New York Times and The Washington Post, are virtually Democratic Party broadsheets,” Silberman wrote. “And the news section of The Wall Street Journal leans in the same direction. The orientation of these three papers is followed by The Associated Press and most large papers across the country (such as the Los Angeles Times, Miami Herald, and Boston Globe). “Nearly all television—network and cable—is a Democratic Party trumpet.” While it’s certainly positive to see a growing awareness of the problem, it is another thing altogether to find a cure. After all, the owners of the various media, including social media, will not relinquish their awesome powers without a fight. Nor will the Democrats be anxious to lose the primary source of their strength. Yet it seems inevitable that unless a more balanced and impartial view of the political realities is fairly presented, both at home and abroad, the Democratic Party will one day become its own worst enemy. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518949-democrats-hysteria-russia-biden/
"23 Mar, 2021","Britain’s year of lockdowns has been marked by the elite’s incompetence, hypocrisy and utter disdain for the masses","The UK’s response to Covid has been marred by mistakes, but arguably a bigger frustration has been the elite’s blatant rule-breaking, with mistresses, eye tests and second homes all used as excuses to break lockdown. Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney It’s a year to the day that Prime Minister Boris Johnson instructed the world’s fifth-biggest economy to shut down. He told British citizens to stay at home, and closed the UK. In the blink of an eye, London, where I am based, went from a global metropolis to a ghost town. Streets were deserted, all future plans were scrapped and life ground to a halt. Johnsonannounced,“Each and every one of us is now obliged to join together, to halt the spread of this disease.” That bookends seamlessly with his one-year anniversary announcement, nicknamed ‘The Stanley Johnson loophole’. It allows Britons to leave the country to tend to homes they own in foreign lands. The name apes Boris’s dadbreaching the rulesto fly to his Greek villa last July. Why is it seamless? Because it hammers home how inept the British government has been. There are serious expectations of a third wave of Covid-19 washing across the country, but it is inexplicably allowing people to travel, although only those wealthy enough to own multiple homes. If you try to without that caveat, you’re liable for a£5,000 fine. One rule for them and one rule for us; it’s been the story all along. One of the lockdown architects was government advisor Professor Neil Ferguson, whose modelling predicted that 250,000 could die without action. Only it turned out that the academic was flouting his own rules by having a relationship with a married woman, breaking social distancing guidelines. Heresigned in disgrace. That was bettered by BoJo’s right-hand man Dominic Cummings. He claimed during a live press conference that he drove 264 miles from London to Durham to stay with his parents, who would be looking after his kids. Cummings suspected he may have Covid-19, and wanted support. Before coming back to London, he drove 30 miles with his family to Barnard Castle to“test his eyesight”before driving back to London, against all the rules. This followed foolhardy Boris himself. He ignored warnings from health professionals toattendan England rugby match with his pregnant fiancee, Carrie Symonds, in March – along with 81,520 others. The PM also slammed further advice on avoiding physical contact during public visits andboasted,“I am shaking hands.” Weeks later, he contracted Covid-19, was admitted to hospital, ended up in intensive care and almost died. Of course, he was afforded the best possible care and returned to full health. And what about Winston Churchill’s grandson Rupert Soames? He’s also the CEO of Serco, which has beeninvolvedin delivering the much-criticised £38 billion Test and Trace program. He explained alockdown-breaking tripon an overnight sleeper train from London to Inverness as a way to meet train staff, because his firm operates the line. But Soames was then spotted three hours away from Inverness on a boat in Loch Ness, close to where he owns a country estate. @piersmorganRupert Soames and his entourage off to his highland estate!! Lockdown just for locals then I presume!!pic.twitter.com/XD2Asia2c6 And the reason for his huge detour? He had toconduct interviewsas he was seeking to employ a new estate manager. It’s that stark. Four individuals from the elite who decided to ignore the rules because of influence, lust, power and wealth. That’s the tone which has permeated the whole Covid-19 experience in the UK. The poor, vulnerable and disenfranchised have suffered the most due to underlying health conditions, living in cramped conditions or unemployment. This has been compounded by the incompetence of Britain’s leaders. Along with Boris, the figureheads of the devolved nations Nicola Sturgeon (Scotland), Mark Drakeford (Wales) and Arlene Foster (Northern Ireland) also have to shoulder part of the blame. We have a combineddeath tollof 126,000. They all knew in 2016 that we weren’t prepared. A trial pandemic exercise was conducted and the response was so bad, the report stated“the UK’s preparedness and response, in terms of its plans, policies and capability, is currently not sufficient to cope with the extreme demands of a severe pandemic that will have a nationwide impact across all sectors”. Nothing was done. Then when it did come, our leaders brushed it off. Then it hit and they flouted the rules. The masses were left to flounder and die. There were numerous reports of alack of PPE, orders for equipment that wasunsatisfactoryand allegations of corruption in handing out public contracts related to Covid-19. The country was told it could enjoy Santa Claus and forget about the global pandemic. We could press pause, supposedly. But then Boris changed his mind and Christmas was cancelled. The population has lost faith in our leaders, which probably explains why there has been so much public disorder, with blacklivesmatter last summer and more recently at the Sarah Everard vigil and last weekendin Bristol. The combination of being locked down for a year and the utter disdain Boris and his cronies have shown for the unwashed masses is almost certainly contributing to these flashpoints. By and large the public has pulled together, with over one millionjoininga national volunteer programme to help others in need. Neighbours are doing tasks for those who are shielding and communities have rallied around. Towards the end of his infamous 2020 lockdown announcement, Boris said,“The people of this country will rise to that challenge.” It’s a tragedy that he and the rest of the elite haven’t. Britain has been betrayed. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518942-britain-year-covid-lockdown/
"23 Mar, 2021",‘Lewis needs to be careful’: Bernie Ecclestone claims F1 king Hamilton is being USED by blacklivesmatter ,"Former Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has reignited his feud with Lewis Hamilton by claiming that the British world champion is being “used” by the blacklivesmatter movement. Last July, Hamilton accused billionaire businessman Eccleston of being""ignorant and uneducated""for claiming that""black people are more racist than white people"". Now, in an interview withthe Telegraph, Eccleston has double down on his political views. “I’ve said to his father, ‘Lewis needs to be careful. Because he’s being used by the people who are supporting this blacklivesmatter and they are taking a lot of money from it. And nobody knows where it goes,”the 90-year-old explained. Later in the interview he developed his argument on whether or not sports and politics should mix. “If I’d have still been around [as F1 boss] there wouldn’t have been anyone wearing [anti-racism] T-shirts on the podium, that’s for sure,”Ecclestone said. “One hundred percent, there wouldn’t have been this business of kneeling before races. I agree the sport should do more to encourage diversity but it shouldn’t be used as a [political] tool.” He also stood by his claim that F1 is not inherently racist, stating that teams would be“falling over themselves to put a black driver in their cars,”before adding:“the same applies to female drivers too"". He referred back to his prior clash with Hamilton, explaining that the Mercedes competitor perhaps did not fully appreciate what he had meant. “I don t think he really understood what I was saying. “I agree we need to give more people a chance. Don’t forget I was the first person to put a black guy in a Formula 1 car. And I supported him and have supported an awful lot of black people. But Lewis is entitled to his view.” Hamilton has been at the forefront of efforts to push the BLM cause in F1 and called out fellow drivers for supposedly not making more effort to promote diversity. The seven-time world champion’s Mercedes team changed the livery of their cars to a predominantly black design to honor the movement last season. Moving away from politics, Ecclestone reminisced over what he signaled were the sport’s golden years. “I just feel sorry for people in F1 today who weren’t around in the 1960s and 1970s and 1980s,”said the tycoon. “I m not saying that it was right then or wrong now. I’m just saying it was different. We would all help each other out. If somebody had an engine problem and somebody else had a spare they’d lend it to them.” He also passed comment on the recent death of commentating legend Murray Walker, saying:“I was sorry about Murray. He did an awful lot to promote Formula 1. A lovely guy.” The Formula One season begins this Sunday in Bahrain. Hamilton’s stiffest competition will likely come from Red Bull’s Max Verstappen and Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. Michael Schumacher’s 22-year-old son Mick, who will be making his F1 debut for Haas, should also be one to watch for fans of the sport. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/518889-bernie-ecclestone-lewis-hamilton-used-black-lives-matter/
"23 Mar, 2021",Chicago suburban city becomes first in US to approve REPARATIONS for black residents,"The city of Evanston, Illinois is poised to become the first municipality in the United States to offer reparations to black residents to compensate for past discrimination, as the controversial policy receives growing support. Evanston’s city council voted 8-1 on Monday to approve a plan that would distribute $400,000 to eligible black households. The first phase of the initiative will provide $25,000 to a small number of black residents for home repairs, down payments or mortgage payments. The move stems from the passage of the 2019 resolution,“Commitment to End Structural Racism and Achieve Racial Equity,”which aimed to address“the historical wealth and opportunity gaps that African American/Black residents of Evanston experienced.” Under the plan, Evanston will use community donations and revenue from a 3% tax on recreational marijuana to create a reparations fund. The city of 73,000 people, located just north of Chicago, pledged to distribute $10 million over the next decade, and will dole out the first $400,000 to aid black residents with housing. Alderman Robin Rue Simmons, who first proposed the reparations program, hailed Monday’s vote as a crucial first step toward achieving racial equity, but stressed that more work is needed to be done. “It is, alone, not enough,”Simmons said.“We all know that the road to repair and justice in the Black community is going to be a generation of work.” She said that more funding and programs would be needed to properly address the issue. Alderman Cicely Fleming, who cast the lone vote against the plan, said that the city council had passed a housing plan disguised as reparations. While she said that she supported compensation for black families, Fleming argued that the current program was paternalistic and assumed black people are unable to support themselves financially. The idea of reparations for black Americans has become a hot-button issue that has received national attention in recent weeks. President Joe Biden has signaled that he is open to the idea. Last month the White House confirmed that Biden supported a bill in Congress that would establish a study to examine the history of slavery and discrimination in the United States. The survey would also examine the possibility of paying reparations. While other cities and communities across the country have said they are considering their own forms of compensation to black people, critics have pointed to numerous logistical and ethical issues involved with reparations, including how they would be paid, and who would actually qualify for such a program. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518873-evanston-black-reparations-first-city/
"22 Mar, 2021",New HBO documentary ‘Q: Into the Storm’ is just like QAnon in that it is vapid entertainment selling itself as truth,"The documentary mini-series goes down the wrong path on a whimsical search to uncover the identity of ‘Q’. A more intriguing and worthwhile approach would be to ask why the QAnon conspiracy appeals to so many. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Q: Into the Stormis the new HBO documentary miniseries that explores the QAnon conspiracy theory and the collection of people mixed up in it. The first two episodes of the six-part series, produced and directed by Cullen Hoback, premiered on HBO and HBO Max on Sunday night. The final four episodes will air over the next two Sundays. QAnon, in case you are blissfully unaware, is a conspiracy theory revolving around statements made online by an anonymous person or group of people called ‘Q’. QAnon believers think Q is a high-ranking insider who is working against a cabal of deep state power players involved in all sorts of nefarious activities, up to and including cannibalism and pedophilia. According to Q, President Trump was meant to bring forth the revolutionary ‘storm’ that would round up and eliminate all the baddies in the world. On its surface, and as Q: Into the Storm reveals, beneath its surface too, QAnon is an embarrassingly inane exercise in intellectual dwarfism and infantile emotionalism. Although, to be fair, as both a denizen of Hollywood and a lifelong Catholic, I can attest that powerful people conspiring to sexually prey upon children and cover it up isn’t exactly far-fetched. Throw in Jeffrey Epstein, with his elite client list and the rather improbable story surrounding his supposed suicide, and the notion of a cabal of sexual deviants ruling the world is certainly much less insane than the mainstream media would have us believe. One can simply watch the documentaryWho Took Johnnyor read theThe Franklin Cover-up(or try to watch the documentaryConspiracy of Silence), and the scales will quickly fall from their eyes regarding the uncomfortable truth about the levels of depravity in our world. A major problem with Q: Into the Storm, though, is that it fails to address this obvious context when contemplating the unasked question of why people would fall for this QAnon nonsense in the first place? Belief in Q may be ludicrous, but considering the context within which it came to be, it isn’t illogical. The elite media and the political establishment lie, brazenly and constantly, about subjects both big and small, so embracing a conspiracy theory that recognizes that often avoided but obvious truth has a logic to it. However, Q: Into the Storm never acknowledges that context, and that ultimately erodes the documentary’s credibility. The main narrative device of the documentary is that it follows filmmaker Hoback as he delves into a sordid and strange cast of characters in search of who the real ‘Q’ might be. The first two episodes are like a walking tour of the Island of Misfit Toys, as the QAnon ecosystem is riddled with delusional desperados, each one more bizarre than the next. The documentary’s deepest dives in the first two episodes are into the history and drama behind QAnon’s various internet homes and the personalities, like Fredrick Brennan and Jim and Ron Watkins, who run them. What is so disorienting about the documentary is that it portrays QAnon as an odious, ominous entity in the world, yet sets a very whimsical tone for Hoback’s goofy global jaunt to find Q. The mainstream media refer to QAnon as a cult, and they point to the riot – or as the establishment calls it, the“insurrection”– at the Capitol on January 6 as evidence of how dangerous this belief system truly is. The elite media’s fear and loathing of QAnon is so extreme that somecriticsare aghast that Q: Into the Storm had the temerity to actually let believers speak on camera, believing that putting a spotlight on the movement may spread the deadly infection of QAnon disinformation further. In the documentary, QAnon is described as“part interactive game, part religion and part international movement,”and I think that is an accurate assessment. I also think it is an apt description of more establishment-approved cults like blacklivesmatter and its unfalsifiable philosophy of Critical Race Theory. Just as the delusional religion of QAnon led to the clown convention at the Capitol in January, the equally delusional religion of blacklivesmatter was the reason for our summer of“mostly peaceful protests”filled with rampant violence, looting and arson. The reality is that QAnon is certainly an absurd conspiracy, but it is no more absurd than the ridiculous conspiracies the establishment adamantly propagates. For example, are Q’s declarations any crazier than Rachel Maddow’s nightly cavalcade of speculative anti-Russian conspiracy rants? Are the QAnon kooks any more idiotic than the Maddow morons, Russiagate fantasists, and the BLM brigade of buffoons? No, they’re not. The reality is that these QAnon/BLM/Russiagate dupes, dopes and dips**ts are all drinking the same brew of desperation, delusion and disinformation, just from different mugs. QAnon, BLM and Russiagate exist as wish fulfillment apparatuses that tell their slavishly clueless congregations exactly what they want to hear, and then leave it to the faithful to contort themselves in spectacular ways to assiduously make those fantasies into their reality. The reality regarding Q: Into the Storm is that it thus far fails to be a worthy documentary mini-series because, just like QAnon, it is merely vapid entertainment selling itself as a vehicle to truth, and ultimately is an exercise in confirmation bias meant to distract, not enlighten. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518793-hbo-documentary-q-into-storm/
"21 Mar, 2021",Intersectional imperialism: A wholesome menace,"The empire claps back. With Trump-style nationalism out the door, a new era of imperial ideology is upon us. ByAlex Rubinstein, an independent reporter on Substack. You can subscribe to get free articles from him delivered to your inboxhere, and if you want to support his journalism, which is never put behind a paywall, you can give a one-time donation to him through PayPalhereor sustain his reporting through Patreonhere. This mutation of the empire dominant dogma is manifesting throughout global institutions of economic, political and social control and is materializing in a myriad of conflict theatres. In order to identify where woke imperialism exists, we have to define it first. So what is it? It’s certainly not the first iteration of hegemonic domination buttressed by moralism. The doctrine of Responsibility to Protect (R2P) was officialized by the United Nations in 2005, but its roots really trace back to the NATO bombing campaign of Yugoslavia. During the Obama years, the term“humanitarian intervention”caught on as the main moniker for such actions. Woke imperialism should be understood as a maturation of these concepts. As corporations have increasinglyembraced“rainbow capitalism”to keep up with the sensibilities of an increasingly liberal US public, so too have institutions of United States imperialism refined their pitches to reflect the increasing popularity of identity politics. This phenomenon has not gone unnoticed. As with everything on the internet, it has become the subject of memes, with an image of two US B-52 Stratofortress bombers having gone particularly viral. The image shows one B-52, labelled“Republicans,”dropping bombs. Another B-52, labelled“Democrats,”is also dropping bombs, but this time with a giant blacklivesmatter sticker and a rainbow flag emblazoned on its exterior. What both of the above memes can’t express, given their limited format, is the variety of methods of exerting imperial control, as it takes many forms beyond bombings. And not all of this can be chalked up to the presidential transition. We know that the State Department and three-letter agencies were hardly on-board with President Trump’s approach to foreign policy, nor his cultural proclivities. .@SecBlinken: When we design our foreign policy with the rights and needs of women and girls in mind, our policy is more effective, more humane, and more likely to make a lasting difference in people’s lives.pic.twitter.com/ssAyW9mNEq So while a lot of the trends identified in this article existed during the Trump administration, they are undeniably being ramped up by Biden’s. For example, in the first 10 days of this March, Women’s History Month, the State Department tweeted 26 times about“women,”compared to 10 times during the same period of the 2020. Earlier this month, NATO tweeted a flashy video claiming“diversity is our strength.” In light of NATO’s virtue signaling, it’s important to remember that many of the early leaders of NATO wereNaziswho dreamed of a Germany that was anything but diverse and inclusive. To this day, NATO has continued to support neo-Nazis in countries like Ukraine, while NATO states that hold permitted rallies honoring Nazi collaborators are only just nowcancellingthe marches because of the coronavirus, rather than stopping the glorification of Nazism. Diversity is our strength. Retweet to join us in celebrating the differences that make us stronger 💪#ZeroDiscriminationDaypic.twitter.com/As4phmspXR As Ireportedfollowing the launch of Joe Biden’s presidential campaign, as he railed against neo-Nazis in Charlottesville, Virginia, Bidenmetwith neo-Nazi leader Oleg Tyagnibok (anglicized Ukrainian spelling Oleh Tyahnybok). In terms of NATO’s championing of inclusion for people of color, its crowning achievement in this regard came following its bombing of Libya, which gave cover for jihadist militias to sodomize Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi to death with a bayonet andpavedthe way for the reintroduction of slavery on the African continent. Outside of its halls of power in Brussels, this is what NATO-sponsored opportunity initiatives for people of color looks like. As the kids say,""big yikes."" The slogan used by NATO,“Diversity is our strength,”reproduces, verbatim, a majorcampaign themefrom Kamala Harris andJoe Bidenhimself. The talking point was alsousedlast year by the Central Intelligence Agency. Our diversity is our strength.pic.twitter.com/NVkzgIIJNS Perhaps the one to make the most use out of the theme is Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, who has said the following: “Diversity and inclusion make us stronger, smarter, more creative, and more innovative. And our diversity gives us a significant competitive advantage on the world stage. Diversity makes any organization stronger – and for the State Department, it’s mission-critical. We’ve invested in diversity and inclusion to have a diplomatic workforce that reflects the diversity of our country.” Recently, the State DepartmentpromotedBlinken’s appearance on Hillary Clinton’s podcast, advertising that the two discussed “diversity and inclusion at the Department, American engagement, Russia, China and more.” The State Department, under Blinken, is so married to the concept that he created at the department a Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer position which“will report directly to him,”State Department spokesman Ned Price said, adding, you guessed it,“Diversity and inclusion make us stronger, smarter, more creative, and more innovative.” .@StateDeptSpoxPrice: ""Today,@SecBlinkenannounced the creation of a new Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer position, which will report directly to him. Diversity and inclusion make us stronger, smarter, more creative, and more innovative."" For more:https://t.co/bXsvL7uMkp.pic.twitter.com/qN5A92TIx2 The Department of Defense is another leading institution in this trend. Last week, conservative Fox News host Tucker Carlson attacked the Pentagon. It started with Joe Biden announcing that, under his and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin’s leadership, the military would be taking steps towards making itself more inclusive to women with policies including an overhaul of hair style restrictions and“maternity flight suits for women.” While pregnant women are generally banned from riding roller coasters, a policy of allowing them to fly fighter jets does not seem to me to have their best interests in mind, nor those of their children. Strength through diversity. These Marines broke barriers and exhibited courage on the battlefield.#KnowYourMil#BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/KTvuMkhoeT While Carlson blasted these policies, his criticism missed the crux of the issue as he argued that they made the US military weaker. The real goal of these policies, however, is to freshen the military’s face for a liberal citizenry. As the Airforceput itin January,“diversity”is a“force multiplier.” In response to the Fox segment, Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby — formerly the spokesperson for the State Department under Obama — clapped back at Carlson in apress releaseentitled“Press SecretarySmitesFox Host That Dissed Diversity in U.S. Military.” “The United States military is the greatest the world has ever seen because of its diversity,”the press releasebegan. Kirby went on to note that Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin (a black man whom the mediacelebratedfor breaking a“brass ceiling,”) had said earlier in the week that the“lived experience”of a diverse fighting force factors“into our decision making.” I want every child to know that this is what vice presidents and generals in the United States Armed Forces look like.pic.twitter.com/y2OFL1z29r That same speech was featured on the Defense Department’s website under theheadline“Biden Showcases the Strength, Excellence of American Military Diversity.” In other news on Secretary Austin, according to another Pentagonpress release, he“welcomed the expanded role for NATO Mission Iraq”last month. That“expanded role”means beefing up the number of NATO troops occupying the country from 500 to“4,000 or 5,000,”accordingto Reuters. Not to be outdone by the State Department or Defense Department, following the inauguration of Joe Biden, the CIA has begun conducting a“digital facelift”to appeal to Generation Z in light of their politics leaning more towards radical liberalism than previous generations. “We had to go where the talent is,”Sheronda Dorsey, the CIA’s deputy associate director for talent,toldthe Wall Street Journal. She added that the CIA is looking to“increase racial, cultural, disability, sexual orientation and gender diversity so that its workforce is reflective of America. "" The Wall Street Journal goes on to write that“Today, the CIA’s digital face-lift coincides with a new presidential administration. [John] Brennan, whose directorship ended in 2017, says the Biden administration has sent out a ‘very strong signal on diversity’ with its intelligence appointees, including the first-ever female director of national intelligence, Avril Haines.” Former CIA Director John Brennan says that he is ""increasingly embarrassed to be a white male these days.""pic.twitter.com/vuVrO3uLu4 Brennan, who was CIA director under Obama, with Haines sitting under him at number two at the agency, has more recently told MSNBC that he is“increasingly embarrassed to be a white male these days, when I see what other white males are saying.” Brennan’s comments came in a discussion of congressional Republicans’ handling of the protests at the capitol in January.“They’ll continue to gaslight the country,”Brennan said. While heading up the agency, Brennan oversaw the CIA as it illegally spied on Congress through hacking as they were investigating torture by the agency — and lied about it. Now he’s complaining about""gaslighting""by Congress. The whole episode has been largely forgotten by the US public as media were“stanning”the agency throughout the Trump era. Trump enemy number one, Nancy Pelosi, recentlyestablisheda“diversity office”in the House of Representatives. Years ago, she helped the CIA coverup torture in addition to heavily backing the war in Iraq. While technically“independent,”globally muscular financial institutions like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are functionally a part of the US government, and like other institutions referenced in this article, are adopting identity politics as a means of whitewashing their anti-human agenda. We are pleased to announce the appointment of Stephanie von Friedeburg as@IFC_orgSenior VP of Operations.@SvonFriedeburgis an advocate for the advancement of women and a champion of diversity and inclusion. Her career spans almost three decades in the@WorldBankGroup.pic.twitter.com/zCjYvhJdju The DC-based World Bank’s president is chosen by the President of the US, with even their own websiteadmitting“Traditionally, the World Bank President has always been been [sic] a U.S. citizen nominated by the United States.” The U.S. is also the largest shareholder at both the World Bank and IMF, which is also based in DC. One leaked manual published by Wikileaks entitled“Army Special Operations Forces Unconventional Warfare”cites the World Bank and IMF as US“weapons in times of conflict up to and including large-scale general war.” “Army Special Operation Forces understand that properly integrated manipulation of economic power can and should be a component of unconventional warfare,”the document continues. “As major decisions require an 85 percent super majority, the United States can block any major changes”at the World Bank, according to the Army document. For International Women’s Day, the IMF hosted adiscussionwith Biden’s Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen entitled“The Age of Womenomics.” “We have chosen this theme ‘the age of womenomics’ consciously,”Kristalina Georgieva, IMF Managing Director, said. “Never in my life I have seen so many women in key positions where core economics and finance matter: you, as the minister of finance of the United States; Chrystia Freeland in Canada; Christine Lagarde my predecessor at the [European Central Bank]; Ngozi [Okonjo-Iweala] at the World Trade Organization; the very first woman president of a multilateral development bank, Odile [Renaud-Basso] at the [European Bank for Reconstruction and Development]...” Beyond promoting themselves as bastions of tolerance, imperialist institutions are also using wokeness to justify foreign resource extraction, violations of sovereignty and international law, military occupation and even coup d’etats. In Syria, where the United States, European governments, Gulf state patriarchal petromonarchies and NATO ally Turkey have waged 10 years of proxy warfare via al-Qaeda-type sectarian insurgents, a champion of distinctly American identity politics has arisen: the YPG. For years, you’d have been hard pressed to find a leftist in the United States that did not give unquestioning support for the“Rojava women’s revolution.”The ostensible political project of Kurdish fighters in Northeastern Syria was evendubbedby Vice News the“Most Feminist Revolution the World Has Ever Witnessed.” American anarchists, propagandized with pro-YPGliteratureand the ideology of“democratic confederalism”popularized by the lateZionistacademic Murray Bookchin, and promoted by his daughter,Debbie Bookchinof the New York City-based“Emergency Committee For Rojava,”made names for themselves in leftist circles and on Twitter by joining up with the Kurdish fighting force called the People Protection Units (YPG). While the Kurdish fighters in Syria were first backed by Obama, Trump continued to support them to“protect the oil.”In other words, so that the United States could profit from the extraction of assets rightfully belonging to the sovereign government of Syria. Now that Biden is in office, Kurdish fighters are once again becoming the subject of renewed media attention and adoration by the Western left. Glorification of the conquests by Kurdish forces in Syria reached a fever pitch during the Raqqa campaign. One group was established, which now has its ownWikipedia pagedespite it’s actual existence being dubious, by foreign queer anarchists called the“The Queer Insurrection and Liberation Army.”While the historic city of Raqqa was being destroyed to the tune of70 percent, these feel-good headlines about a supposedly revolutionary and inclusive alternative to statism that the Kurdish fighters and their allies represented dominated the narrative on the left. Before we move away from Syria, it would be irresponsible not to mention the story of Amina Abdallah Araf al Omari, the“Gay Girl in Damascus.”The fake persona was created in order to stir up anti-Assad sentiment from Western LGBTQ communities, but it wasexposedas the charade of a white American man named Tom MacMaster by Palestinian journalist Ali Abunimah after the“gay girl”was“kidnapped.” Now that Biden is in office, these kinds of dirty tricks to promote the dirty war on Syria are making a comeback. Based on an article in Jacobin, a new movie is in the works entitled“Stefan Vs. ISIS.”It isbilledas a“Story Of Non-Binary Millennial Who Joined The Kurdish Freedom Fighters”by Deadline in a March 5 article. While the Jacobin writer of the original story, Connor Kilpatrick, has co-writing credits, Jacobin editor Bhaskar Sunkara is set to co-executive produce the film. One Middle East-based reporter complained to me that these journalists are now poised to profit from a war they helped sell in the first place, and are placing the identity issues of a Westerner at the center of the conversation around the battle against ISIS rather than the scores of Syrians and Iraqis who lost their lives fighting them.“The Syrian war,”they said, isn’t for a bunch of foreign leftists“to turn into a romantic ballad to identity issues. Kurds are super traditional, no way is even the YPG into this gender fluidity stuff.” In a similar vein, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton’s production company was reported in late January to be working on a TV series adapting the book“The Daughters of Kobani: A Story of Rebellion, Courage, and Justice”by Gayle Lemmon for the screen. Following an intense bidding war over the rights to adapt the book, Deadlinereportedthat“For the Clintons, the property feels like the perfect IP to help launch their banner given the subject matter and strong women that helped Lemmon write it.” Last week, LemmonjoinedMeghan McCain on The View to talk about her book. McCain’s father, the late John McCain, was the most militaristicsenatorin modern US history and a major promoter of the proxy war in Syria, the Senator even meeting with so-called“moderate rebels”with the Turkey-backed Free Syrian Army who turned out to be responsible for the kidnapping of 11 Shia Muslims. Meanwhile, in Afghanistan, where the United States maintains its longest-running regime change fail, or“L,”I recentlynotedhow Biden plans to keep“residual forces”there to continue occupying the country despite the agreement reached between the Taliban and the Trump administration to have a full withdrawal. German state broadcaster Deutsche Welle iswarningthat“Afghan women risk losing their rights in a new political setup.”Now, the Biden administration is looking to negotiate the dealwherein“all options remain on the table.” Earlier this month, Vox Newsreportedon“internal debates”within the White House over a withdrawal from Afghanistan. Reportedly, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley made the“impassioned — and at times ‘emotional’”argument that should US forces withdraw,  women’s rights in the country“will go back to the Stone Age.” Yet while there is no doubt that the Taliban has little respect for the rights of women, that was hardly a concern of Joe Biden when hepromisedin October 2012 that“We are leaving in 2014. Period.” But speaking of the Stone Age; the US has dropped around 25,500 bombs on Afghanistan since Biden’s promise if you add up themonthly figurespublished by the US Airforce. And those bombs don’t come cheap, so it should come as no surprise that Milley went on to argue that since the US has spent so much“blood and treasure”in the country in the past decades, it is not worth it to leave. To put it in the parlance of Zoomers, General Milley wants America to""secure that bag."" Somebody should tell the Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman that“this ain t it, chief.” Wokeism isn’t just a useful tool of empire in the ostensible fight against terrorism, but also in the fight against socialism. In Ecuador, where the US is backing a faux left candidate as an alternative to the socialist frontrunner in the country’s presidential elections, identity politics have been deployed to drum up support for a neo-liberal. Journalist Ben NortonexposedYaku Pérez, billed as an indigenous eco-socialist, for his ties to the US government. After Pérez came in third place in the first round of Ecuador’s presidential election, disqualifying him from the runoff, the US embassycalled himto reassure that he would be a part of it. Since then, Pérez hascalledfor a military coup and for his socialist opponent, Andrés Arauz, to be criminally prosecuted. Norton also points out that Pérez’s wife Manuela Picq, is an adviser to him and is helping to manage his campaign. Picq’s background is as an academic focused on sexuality and gender studies. As we proceed into the Biden years, identity politics, intersectionality — in a word, wokeness — will be increasingly used to justify the exploits of a racist empire. That is, unless the left is able to adopt a doctrine to counter the empire’s dogma instead of continuing to play into its hands. The Roman historian Tacitus said“Great empires are not maintained by timidity.”This may be true, but today, the maintenance of empire is justified by its inclusivity. The ability of the US to""flex""on the world stage is contingent on its ability to reference the diversity of it ruling class. There’s the tea. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518645-intersectional-imperialism-wholesome-menace/
"20 Mar, 2021",‘You re a f***ing monkey’: Footballer reveals ‘vile’ racism and urges UEFA to end tokenism as teammate calls black players ‘pawns’,"Rangers star Glen Kamara has revealed what Slavia Prague captain Ondrej Kudela allegedly told him during an explosive mid-game incident this week, urging UEFA and social media bosses to do more while blasting them over ""tokenism"". Shocked midfielder Kamara has revealed the extent of the“vile abuse”he says he received from Kudela on Thursday in the Europa League, reacting after Slavia denied the""disgusting accusation""and launched criminal action over the alleged fight that saw police called to Rangers Ibrox home afterwards. At the close of the 2-0 defeat by the Czechs which knocked the Scottish champions out of Europe’s secondary club competition, players from both sides were involved in angry clashes in the tunnel – and Rangers captain Connor Goldson has also elaborated on the row while claiming that black players are used as ""pawns"" to make money. Revealing that Ondrej told him“you’re a f***ing monkey, you know you are”while covering his mouth in the middle of the fracas, Kamara mentioned the blacklivesmatter -inspired gesture of taking the knee that has been prevalent in football since the summer, saying it was an action“in solidarity with those who have lost their lives to racial violence”. Enough is enough.pic.twitter.com/uyJLLhIUul I’m embarrassed that you had to suffer the abuse last night, and shocked that Slavia are trying to cover it up.You’re absolutely right that all the anti-racist slogans etc mean nothing if the authorities don’t deal with this severely. We’re all with you 💙 In Kamara’s view, UEFA must stop its“tokenism”and“take a zero tolerance approach”if it truly wishes to eradicate racism from the game. He also criticized the“likes of Instagram”after revisiting the""tirade of racist bile”that teammate Kemar Roofe received on social media platforms. “As a player, I do not expect myself, nor any other player, to have to tolerate racial hatred on or off the pitch in 2021,""said Kamara. ""The vile racist abuse by Ondrej Kudela took place on the international stage and any failure to act by Uefa will be viewed as a green light for racism. ""Kudela was arguing with a Rangers player and, after I tried to intervene, he told me to shut up and then said, ‘one second, my friend’. Club statement: We denounce any form of racism. Any form of racial discrimination is contrary to our values and principles and we shall never tolerate such conduct. ➡️https://t.co/ahpZ8wcZNnpic.twitter.com/yqt1nbxqV4 ℹ️ Slavia filed criminal complaint for physical assault.MORE ➡️https://t.co/JAhqgyRlWtpic.twitter.com/9NZSJDfLak ""He then came over to me covering his mouth, leaning into my ear. He uttered the words, ‘you’re a f***ing monkey – you know you are.’ “I was shocked and horrified to hear such racist abuse from a professional football player. Kudela claim he simply swore at me and said ‘you’re a f***ing guy’ is a complete and utter lie, which does not stand up to any form of scrutiny. ""Kudela actions were deliberate and premeditated, but he was loud enough for my teammate, Bongani Zungu, to hear what was said.” Kamara praised his teammates and manager Steven Gerrard for their unconditional support, with skipper Goldson explaining his rage toSky Sportsin the aftermath. ""I m really proud of the way the club handled it, but I don t think I ve ever had hatred on a football pitch like I did yesterday,”said Goldson. Were shocked that youre using racist abuse for covering murder attempt...pic.twitter.com/A3ARJjCp4x One mistimed tackle does not justify any type of racism. ""I ve never really been angry on a football pitch to that extent, but I genuinely despise [Slavia]. ""Me and the whole team waited for them in the tunnel for a whole 45 minutes and they didn t come in. ""I m proud of every single teammate, every member of staff in this football club. I respect them 100 percent because they didn t try and usher us away because the club might get in trouble. ""This is beyond football. There so much speech about how to eradicate it, how it getting better, but it not getting better at all – it getting worse. ""You come into the changing room after the game and you see boys with monkey or banana emojis all over their social media, getting called words that a white person could never imagine being called. It horrible. ""As black players, we re used as pawns in an industry to make money. I feel that all that we are and the representatives won t do enough, they never have done enough. It horrible to see."" Bizarrely, many Slavia fans on social media tried to divert attention away from the allegations by pointing to a horrendous challenge by Roofe that left goalkeeper Ondrej Kolar with a fractured skull. ""One mistimed tackle does not justify any type of racism,”replied a Rangers supporter. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/518693-rangers-slavia-prague-racism-kamara/
"19 Mar, 2021","Biden and Blinken’s unprovoked attacks on Russia and China backfire...because if you live in a glass house, don’t throw stones","In attacking the moral character of Russia’s president and China’s human rights record, the Biden administration opened the door for a critical examination of America own troubled history. is a former US Marine Corps intelligence officer and author of SCORPION KING: America Suicidal Embrace of Nuclear Weapons from FDR to Trump. He served in the Soviet Union as an inspector implementing the INF Treaty, in General Schwarzkopf’s staff during the Gulf War, and from 1991-1998 as a UN weapons inspector. Follow him on Twitter@RealScottRitter is a former US Marine Corps intelligence officer and author of SCORPION KING: America Suicidal Embrace of Nuclear Weapons from FDR to Trump. He served in the Soviet Union as an inspector implementing the INF Treaty, in General Schwarzkopf’s staff during the Gulf War, and from 1991-1998 as a UN weapons inspector. Follow him on Twitter@RealScottRitter President Joe Biden has defined his administration with the mantra of “America is back,” hinting at a return to what he and his supporters believe to be the halcyon days of President Barack Obama’s two-term tenure as president, as well as a sharp departure from the policies and practices of the man who usurped Hillary Clinton’s bite at the presidential apple, Donald Trump. In an effort to “build back better,” as Biden is wont to exclaim, his administration has embraced an ambitious agenda that aggressively seeks to both promote and install America as the world’s indispensable nation. And yet, in the span of less than 24 hours, the president and his primary foreign policy advisor, Secretary of State Antony Blinken, managed to undermine the very policies they sought to promote through a combination of narcissistic posturing and plain diplomatic incompetence. By labeling Russian President Vladimir Putin a “soulless killer,” Biden put US-Russian relations in their worst posture since the Cold War. And Blinken, during the Biden administration’s initial meeting between the US and China, managed to unleash the ire and rage of Beijing by forgoing any pretense at diplomatic norms and aggressively calling out China on a host of issues which touched upon its sovereignty. The collapse of what passed for a coordinated position of diplomatically confronting both Russia and China has left the US scrambling to navigate through the detritus of its own policy shipwreck. A controlled approach to dealing with Russia and China was supposed to serve as the anchor of Biden’s new national security policy formulation. Instead, the American ship of state has been cast adrift, unable to steer as a diplomatic storm of its own making bears down upon it. The White Houserecently publisheda document, entitled ‘Interim National Security Guidance’, which outlined its policy priorities to help shape and direct the work of the various US departments and agencies charged with implementing national security and foreign policy. This document is unprecedented in the 35-year history of implementation of the 1986 Goldwater-Nichols Act, which mandated that the White House produce a “national security strategy” document every four years to help streamline US defense spending. Normally, the National Security Strategy is produced through an interagency process that takes several months to complete. The Biden administration, in deciding to publish interim guidance while the primary document is still being written, is putting a marker down on the importance of separating its administration’s policies from those of its predecessor. The issuance of this interim guidance underscores the sense of urgency that exists within the Biden administration regarding the optics, vice reality, of change. While promoting the mantra of “America is Back,” the interim guidance goes out of its way to highlight the fact that while the heart of the Biden policy is centered on the notion of “build back better,” the America Biden inherited operates in a world that is very much different from the one that existed when Biden served as President Obama’s vice president. “We cannot pretend the world can simply be restored to the way it was 75, 30, or even four years ago,” Biden wrote. “We cannot just return to the way things were before. In foreign policy and national security, just as in domestic policy, we have to chart a new course.” This “new course,” as Biden described it, must “contend with the reality that the distribution of power across the world is changing, creating new threats.” For Biden, the major threats posed to the US came from two nations. “China,” Biden declared, “has rapidly become more assertive. It is the only competitor potentially capable of combining its economic, diplomatic, military, and technological power to mount a sustained challenge to a stable and open international system.” The identity of the second threat should come as no surprise to anyone tracking US foreign policy over the course of the past 20 years. “Russia remains determined to enhance its global influence and play a disruptive role on the world stage,” Biden stated. “Both Beijing and Moscow have invested heavily in efforts meant to check US strengths and prevent us from defending our interests and allies around the world.” The interim guidance set forth three major policy objectives for the Biden administration in confronting both Russia and China. The first is for the US to “Defend and nurture the underlying sources of American strength, including our people, our economy, our national defense, and our democracy at home.” The second is to “Promote a favorable distribution of power to deter and prevent adversaries from directly threatening the United States and our allies, inhibiting access to the global commons, or dominating key regions.” Last but not least, the US will seek to “Lead and sustain a stable and open international system, underwritten by strong democratic alliances, partnerships, multilateral institutions, and rules.” In the span of less than 48 hours, the Biden administration managed to undermine all three objectives. Biden’s interview with ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos is a matter ofthe historical record. The American president, in answering a series of questions, described Vladimir Putin as a “soulless killer,” violating diplomatic norms which hold that heads of state project a modicum of discretion when talking about one another, if for no other reason than that eventually the two will need to meet and discuss matters in person. As Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdoganastutely observed, “Mr. Biden’s statements about Mr. Putin are not fitting of a president, and a president coming out and using such remarks against the president of a country like Russia is truly unacceptable, not something that can be stomached.” Russia’s response was immediate and decisive. In an unprecedented move, the Russian Foreign Ministry recalled its ambassador to the US for “consultations,” a clear sign that Russia was reconsidering its relationship – or lack thereof – with the US. Putin, in an appearance on Russian television, took a more diplomatic approach in responding to Biden’s insults, noting that he wished the American president “good health.” But the Russian president also used a child’s saying, roughly translated as “whatever you say about others is what you are yourself,” to underscore his view that Biden’s utterances were but a reflection on the US’ own inherent problems. Putin raised the US’ use of nuclear weapons against Japan and its history of slavery of blacks and genocide of Native Americans as examples of America’s own tortured history on injustice. Responding to Putin’s comments, White House spokesperson Jen Psaki countered by noting that the American president “believes that one of the greatest attributes of the United States is our honest self-reflection and our constant striving for progress, and there’s always more work to do.” She stated that Biden had nothing to apologize for, adding “the president gave a direct answer to a direct question.” She added that Biden and Putin have known each other for a long time and have worked through “many iterations of the [US-Russian] relationship.” If Biden and Psaki believed that US-Russian relations would return to square one following Biden’s undiplomatic insult, Putin quickly put that notion to bed. “The US authorities in general seek certain relations with us but only in areas the US is interested in, and on their own terms,” Putin said. “They think that we are just like them but we aren’t. Our genetic, cultural and moral codes are different. However, we know how to protect our interests. We will work with them [the US], but only in areas we are interested in and on terms we find favorable. They will have to take it into account, despite attempts to stop our development, sanctions and insults. We will be guided by our national interests when boosting relations with all countries, including the United States,” he concluded. If the US’ goal was to minimize Russia’s ability and desire to be less disruptive toward US policy objectives, then Biden cemented its failure. On China, the interim guidance indicated that it was the US’ goal to “prevail in strategic competition” by enabling America “to out-compete a more assertive and authoritarian China over the long-term.” A key element of this strategy hinged on the US investing “in our people, our economy, and our democracy.” By restoring US credibility, the Biden administration sought to “ensure that America, not China, sets the international agenda.” The idea of American democracy serving as the foundation of foreign and national security policy was not just a throw-away sentence, but a core part of the interim guidance. “Building back better,” the guidance document emphasized, “requires us to commit ourselves to revitalizing our own democracy. America’s ideals of democracy, equality, and diversity are a fundamental and enduring source of advantage – but they are not a given. Embracing that advantage means living up to the founding promises of our nation, strengthening and renewing our democratic processes and ideals, and demonstrating by our actions that democracy is essential to meeting the challenges of our time.” Biden’s “soulless killer” faux pas had already opened the door to a very public and credible refutation of the narrative of infallible US democracy by Russia’s President Putin. Less than a day later, Anthony Blinken paved the way for a similar take down by China. Blinken took on a confrontational posture duringhis opening remarksat high-level talks between the US and China  in Anchorage, Alaska, chiding China’s top diplomat Yang Jiechi and state councilor Wang Yi on their country’s record regarding human rights. When his turn came to speak, Yang stated that the US was no longer able to “speak to China from a position of strength,” demanding that the US stop promoting as superior its own version of democracy at a time when the US was embroiled in racial and political discontent at home. Yang went on to lecture Blinken, noting that “there are many problems within the United States regarding human rights, which is admitted by the US itself.” These issues, Yang said, were “deep-seated…they did not just emerge over the past four years, such as blacklivesmatter .” If promoting the superiority of US democracy was seen as the salient sales pitch for Biden’s “America is back” policy, the diplomatic gaffes on the part of Biden and Blinken ensured that their first opportunity to promote this policy was instead spent on their back foot, counter-punching against barbs delivered by senior Russian and Chinese officials that, because of the actions of the US in prompting these attacks, gave their words greater emphasis. The main teaching from this 48-hour lesson in bad diplomacy on the part of the US goes beyond reining in the foot-in-mouth tendencies of both Biden and Blinken. The fact is that if the Biden administration wants to sell the narrative of the primacy of US democracy, then it had better get its own house in order before criticizing that of other nations. In short, if you live in a glass house, don’t throw stones. America is a glass house. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518651-biden-blinken-china-russia/
"19 Mar, 2021",‘Law is a mess’: UK parliament committee blasts govt over failure to protect ‘right to protest’ after Sarah Everard vigil outrage,"The British government failed to make it clear that protests were still permissible under Covid-19 restrictions and confused both the public and the police on the issue, a parliamentary committee has concluded. The restrictions on gatherings introduced by the government during the pandemic have been“confusing”and ambiguous, the parliament’s Joint Committee on Human Rights said in astatementon Friday, adding that protests have never been“completely illegal”even during lockdown if held properly. The“confusing”nature of the government regulations has left the public“unsure of their rights and at risk of arbitrary or discriminatory decision-making,”the statement said. The government imposed a general ban on gatherings but failed to make protests an exemption from this rule – in a move that the committee argued violated the 1998 Human Rights Act and the European Convention of Human Rights. “The law on the right to protest during the pandemic has been a mess and the right to protest has not been protected,”the committee’s head, Harriet Harman, said. The lawmakers looked into how different protests in the UK unfolded since the government started imposing restrictions due to the Covid-19 epidemic. The UK has seen quite a number of high-profile rallies last year, including the blacklivesmatter protests, demonstrations by defenders of monuments targeted by iconoclasts as well as marches against national lockdowns. Most recently, the Reclaim These Streets movement organized a number of vigils in commemoration of Sarah Everard, a victim of apparent kidnapping and murder. One such event in the Clapham Common area of London, where Everard went missing, ended up in clashes with police after UK law enforcement deemed it illegal under the current rules. The incident sparked public outrage and led to another rally outside of New Scotland Yard as well as calls for Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick to resign. The commissioner herself maintained her position that“unlawful gatherings are unlawful gatherings,”adding that she did not consider resigning. The parliamentary committee blamed the developments on the government.“The events of last weekend show clearly how the lack of clarity and level of uncertainty in the law is unacceptable and must be remedied as a matter of urgency,”Harman said. The committee also drafted some amendments to the regulations that would“guarantee the right to protest in public outdoor places, if done safely”by putting it on the same footing as picketing and communal worship. Earlier, a legal complaint filed by those seeking to make organized vigils permissible under lockdown was defeated in the High Court, which ruled it was up to the police to decide whether the right to protest clashes with the broader public health considerations and a ban on mass gatherings amid the pandemic. The UK government has so far not reacted to the parliamentary committee’s statement. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/518647-parliament-committee-government-right-protest/
"19 Mar, 2021","New anti-protest bill targets Britain’s most marginalised, but history shows us that the people will not be silenced","Introduction of new legislation in the UK that will make it more difficult for people to protest is already causing great controversy. A glance at the past suggests the authoritarian measures will not end well for the government. Dr Lisa McKenzie is a working-class academic. She grew up in a coal-mining town in Nottinghamshire and became politicized through the 1984 miners’ strike with her family. At 31, she went to the University of Nottingham and did an undergraduate degree in sociology. Dr McKenzie lectures in sociology at the University of Durham and is the author of ‘Getting By: Estates, Class and Culture in Austerity Britain.’ She’s a political activist, writer and thinker. Follow her on Twitter@redrumlisa. Dr Lisa McKenzie is a working-class academic. She grew up in a coal-mining town in Nottinghamshire and became politicized through the 1984 miners’ strike with her family. At 31, she went to the University of Nottingham and did an undergraduate degree in sociology. Dr McKenzie lectures in sociology at the University of Durham and is the author of ‘Getting By: Estates, Class and Culture in Austerity Britain.’ She’s a political activist, writer and thinker. Follow her on Twitter@redrumlisa. The Conservative Party is at it again, launching a pre-emptive strike by introducingdraconian lawsthat will try to prevent people coming out on to the streets to protest in the shape of the new Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts bill. After all, they know what is coming. We have just spent a year indoors, impotent to what has been happening around us during the pandemic. But at some point, the Government and the public know that we will have to be freed. And when that happens, what will we be coming out to? I have expressed my fears on RT before, but I’ll reiterate: Landlords have not been lawfully able to evict tenants, and that will change – so mass evictions are on the way. Millions are on furlough, on top of nearly 2 millionunemployed. This figure will soar once furlough ends. Our high streets have beendevastated, and many pubs, clubs, and live music venues will not reopen. Britain will be a very grim place, and as new austerity measures arrive, inevitably hurting the poorest the most, as they always do, people will want to protest. They will want to tell the Government thatnuclear weaponsand millions of pounds in hand-outs to private companies run by associates of Government ministers through poor procurement deals are unacceptable. After a year where people’s lives have been devastated in so many ways, hope is what is needed. But what the Government is offering, instead, is the likelihood of state violence. The Government rushed through the new bill earlier this week by 359 votes to 263 – a majority of 96 – after it was overwhelmingly backed by Tory MPs. The new legislation has authoritarian Home Secretary Priti Patel’s fingerprints all over it, and includes provisions to crack down on demonstrations if they are too noisy or cause “serious annoyance.” It also seeks to extend the punishment for people who damage statues – up to 10 years in prison – and give more powers to police to shut down peaceful protests. There are even more robust powers intended to criminalise the living circumstances of Gypsy, Roma and Traveller communities. Like all British Governments, the Tories want order – the British ruling elite love laws and rules, and love harsh penalties if they are breached. No matter which party they represent, or what board of directors they sit on, they need order, as it is the only way this deeply unequal society can function. Protest and disorder terrify the British ruling class, and draconian measures are always implemented to try to prevent them. And yet the British public have often found ways to navigate the prison sentences, the penalties, the public scorn through the mainstream media and the oppressive policing. Very rarely do we riot, but when push comes to shove it occasionally happens, forcing political change. The years 1987 and 1988 were busy for the then-Conservative government, with Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher leading a deeply conservative and right-wing cabinet that introduced the Poll Tax to Scotland and then amended Section 28 of the local Government act. Clause 28(or Section 28 as it was commonly known) was an openattackon the gay community. It considered LQBTQ relationships immoral and illegitimate, and said that no Government institution could promote any relationship that was not heterosexual. This had a devastating effect not only on the LGBTQ community, but also on black and working-class families, especially single mothers, as the only family that appeared to be state sanctioned were the conventional ones that were white and middle class. In doing this, the government alienated millions of British people, whose hatred for the Conservative Party ran so deep it has taken a generation for it to recover. Those marginalised by Thatcher and her Nasty Party tactics found common cause, and the period was full of turmoil rather than order. InMarch 1990, after a long and successful campaign throughout the country and hundreds of protests, plus mass non-payment of the Poll Tax, thousands gathered in Trafalgar Square in London and after a day of peaceful protest, but with heavy policing, campaigners and officers clashed. Hundreds of people were injured and hospitalised, and 340 people were arrested. But the levels of anger throughout the country towards the Poll Tax rather than the protesters shocked the Conservatives, and helped pave the way for the replacement of Thatcher by John Major later that year. Only four years after the Poll Tax protests, Major’s Conservatives were getting jittery again as the youth of Britain engaged in ‘disorder’ by travelling around the country and dancing in fields at raves and festivals. In order to stop this, they introducedThe Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, which gave the police greater powers to close down rave parties, and stop any large gathering of people, including protests. The Labour Party did what it does best when faced with a problem that may cost it some middle-class votes, and abstained, while again the Gypsy and Traveller communities were targeted. So, this latest bill is nothing we haven’t seen before. Yet again, it’s the British government being aware of a grim future for the poorest communities and – allied with their fear of working class and black people, and sections of society who are unwilling to fall into order – realising that new legislation is needed. But this Conservative government needs to be aware that history will judge it, and those who implement state violence on the British people generally face the consequences. Thatcher’s legacy was people openlycheeringher death, the Poll Tax was scrapped and the protesters celebrated rather than denigrated, and former Tory leader David Cameron eventuallyapologisedfor Section 28. This new crime and policing bill is already attracting plenty of debate and discussion, and bringing together strange bedfellows in the shape of freedom-of-speech liberals, anarchists, ex-police chiefs, and even some of the left who are finally seeing beyond their own authoritarian lockdown obsession. They are already getting together online and will soon be meeting up in person, with something concrete to organise around – killing the bill. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518632-crime-bill-britain-protests/
"17 Mar, 2021",‘Anti-racism’ training at consulting giant Deloitte warns employees that ‘microaggressions’ are now punishable offenses – reports,"Employees of Deloitte, one of the world’s largest accounting and consulting firms, can reportedly be reprimanded and even fired for “microaggressions” in the workplace, according to new “anti-racism” training. During the mandatory training, employees were told they must constantly promote an“anti-racist”culture by adhering to“equity”instead of“equality.” The difference, according to slides from the PowerPointobtainedby the Daily Wire, is that“equity”takes into account the“historical and systemic barriers and privileges”of certain groups, such as white men. Any“anti-racist”policy violations can be investigated and end up being punishable with a simple verbal warning or something more severe, like an official reprimand or termination. Full story here:https://t.co/cnd9fVLIoe Though they acknowledge that microaggressions can be unintentional, one still must be held accountable. “Racial microaggressions are brief and commonplace daily verbal, behavioral, or environmental indignities, intentional or not, that communicate hostile, derogatory, or negative racial slights and insults toward people because of their race,”one of the slides reads. Examples of racial microaggressions, according to the company, include asking a black co-worker“to join the flag football or basketball team”or commenting that“a person of color was given a role due to their race rather than having earned their role.” In other scenarios used to warn employees, they were told not to question any accounts from minority co-workers that have to do with facing prejudice. The training warns that this is“racial gaslighting”and provides handy phrases to stay away from when listening to a co-worker describe their situation, including“All lives matter,” “Maybe you misheard them,” “In my opinion, I don’t think they were being racist,”and“Calm down, you’re just being sensitive.” Race issues have been increasingly important to Deloitte in recent years. Before this push against“microaggressions,”they encouraged employees to read the highly controversial 1619 Project and provided tools to help parents raise“race-conscious”children. In 2019, the company surveyed multiple businesses, each with more than 1,000 employees, and found that 64% reported witnessing bias, with over 80% of that group describing the bias as indirect or subtle. “It really demonstrates how widespread the impact of non-inclusive behaviors can really be on a business and on an organization,”Deloitte Chief Inclusion Officer Terri Coopersaidat the time in response to the results. To combat such indirect bias in their own workplace, Deloitte has created dozens of ‘Inclusion Councils.’ “The whole philosophy around the Inclusion Councils,”said Cooper,“is being able to provide this environment where we literally drive conversations and the opportunity for everybody to come together to meet and to express their views.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518420-deloitte-microaggressions-antiracism-training/
"17 Mar, 2021",Now is the perfect time for US to reflect on how anti-China outlook is fuelling hatred against all Asians across America,"Anti-Asian sentiment is on the rise in the US, fanned by constant criticism of China over Covid-19 and its increasing global influence. Politicians must realise that legitimising hostility encourages racism. is a British writer and analyst of politics and international relations with a primary focus on East Asia. is a British writer and analyst of politics and international relations with a primary focus on East Asia. America woke up today to the appalling news ofshootingsat massage parlors in Georgia that claimed the lives of eight people, including at least six female victims of Asian origin, four of whom were Korean Americans. A suspect has since been arrested. The specifics behind the killings are still under investigation, although it is being claimed‘sex addiction’may be to blame. Early speculation, though, had suggested that anti-Asian racism may have been behind the slaughter, and even if that proves not to be the case, the very idea that it was being considered as a potential motive is alarming, but perhaps not surprising. It’s abundantly clear that anti-Asian sentiment has increased in the United States due to the impact of Covid-19 and Donald Trump’s confrontational policies against China. This has led to a surge inreported racial hate crimeswhich have targeted Asian people from all backgrounds. Between March and December last year, nearly 3,000 incidents were reported by the advocacy group Stop AAPI Hate, which has even documented assaults on elderly people. These figures are shocking, and it’s hard not to come to the conclusion that the Trump administration must bear some responsibility for exacerbating Sinophobia in the US on multiple levels, via the virus and constant fearmongering against Beijing in the pursuit of geopolitical goals. There little sign of significant change under Joe Biden. The White House continues to politicize the virus and place accountability on Beijing, albeit in a more refined manner, and has accepted Trump’s new anti-China consensus. Diseases have a long history of being tied to xenophobia and racism. It is a well-established trait that a given community blames a pandemic on another group that it believes to be dirty, uncivilized and inferior, believing that such an event could not have occurred otherwise. Therefore, a logic of accountability is invoked against this ‘other.’ This mindset exists within a broader orientalist discourse of ‘east vs west’ and, by extension, popular beliefs concerning China and Chinese culture. When Covid-19 struck the west, some politicians sensed an opportunity to invoke this racist sentiment in order to deflect blame towards China, coating it with the disguise of criticizing the country’s political system. The Trump administration sought to use it extremely aggressively, not only to excuse itself of blame – an understandable diversionary tactic, with more than 500,000 Americans now dead – but also to forcibly re-write US foreign policy and steer it permanently towards hostility towards Beijing. As a result, Trump and former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo heavily pushed the meme of the China virus and blamed Beijing for the catastrophic situation in the US, invoking all kinds of conspiracy theories in the process.Pompeo is still doing it even now. Yet focusing only on the virus limits the scope of what they did. Yes, the virus was part of the problem, but it was a medium to greater, more sinister things. The administration and its lackeys in the media also whipped up extreme paranoia pertaining to all things China in the process. This included relentless accusations of espionage, which targeted Chinese academics and overseas students. Pompeo even stated that Chinese students who studied in the US were sent by thecommunist party. At every level, the White House promulgated hatred, and despite the focus on racial injustices thanks to the blacklivesmatter protests, received very little scrutiny for it. It is no surprise that in such an environment, bombarded with negativity and hatred every day, thatAmerican perceptions of Chinahave plummeted to a historic low. Actions, of course, have consequences, and what are those consequences? Although defenders of Trump have persistently argued that they are targeting the Chinese Communist Party and have claimed that they stand with the Chinese people, the surge in hate crimes related to Asian-Americans cannot be a coincidence. It is a product of the new and volatile political context that the Trump presidency engineered and, to some degree, Biden has simply inherited rather than disavowed. Last week, in his address to the nation, Bidencondemnedthe“vicious hate crimes against Asian-Americans who have been attacked, harassed, blamed and scapegoated.”But at the same time, members of the administration continue to politicise the virus. They do not use explicitly racist language such as “China virus” or “Kung-Flu”, yet Secretary of State Antony Blinken, for example, continues to follow essentially the same messaging of Pompeo byprolonging the idea that China is responsiblefor the situation in the US. This becomes a venting point for public anger, and continues to put Asian people in the firing line. The language may be a bit softer, a bit more polite, but they have not changed. The pace of America’s vaccination roll-out may finally help society move on from the flames of hatred that Trump poured petrol over, but we have to be honest in accepting that anti-Asian sentiment has been fuelled by government policy as a whole, rather than just a pandemic. Decisions made for geopolitical reasons are not detached from ordinary life; they have an impact on society’s outlook as a whole, especially in a democracy where the state is pushing to achieve public consent for its objectives. Therefore, you cannot legitimitize hostility towards China without grassroots consequences. The result is that America is becoming an increasingly hostile place not just for Chinese people, but for all Asians. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518395-us-anti-china-racism/
"17 Mar, 2021",‘This is freedom & tolerance’: UEFA will not penalize Russian refereeing team who chose not to kneel before Champions League match,"UEFA will not impose any sanctions on a team of officials, led by Russian referee Sergey Karasev, who decided not to kneel in support of the blacklivesmatter campaign before Tuesday Champions League game at Manchester City. All of the players from both squads took the knee at the Etihad Stadium, where the English Premier League leaders and German side Borussia Monchengladbach met in the second leg of the round of 16 tie. Karasev and his assistants Igor Demeshko and Maxim Gavrilin, as well as fourth official Aleksey Kulbakov, of Belarus, did not join the contentious call to action, sparking some viewers to insist that the trio should be punished by UEFA. The governing body rejected the calls to penalize the officials, stressing that participation in the pre-match ritual is voluntary. England 16.03.2021A team of referees from Russia led by Sergey Karasev they did not kneel before the Champions League match between Manchester City and Borussia Mönchengladbachpic.twitter.com/91PCpOszga Of course the Russian referee doesn t take the knee...😬 “Players, coaches and match officials decide for themselves whether they want to kneel or not,” UEFAsaid. Almost all teams and players in England have knelt in support of the initiative this season, although there have been high-profile incidents of rows breaking out when squads and individuals have opted out. Most recently, Crystal Palace talisman Wilfried Zaha declared he would no longer be kneeling because he felt the gesture was an act of empty symbolism that was failing to have any impact. How dares the Russian referee not respect the ineffably moral laws of wokeistan. Beat him up and cancel please The kneeling action is linked to the blacklivesmatter movement, which is aimed at fighting racism. ""Of course the Russian referee doesn t take the knee,""a City fan wrote on Twitter in an apparent sarcastic dig at the officials nationality. ""How dare the Russian referee not respect the ineffably moral laws of wokeistan,""replied another viewer, seeming to use the same form of wit.""Beat him up and cancel him, please."" in Russia, we have never had oppression against blacks in our entire history. Why should the Russians repent? Everyone is free to do what he considers necessary and right, and not what society, which has its own opinion, imposes on him!This is freedom and tolerance, not what BLM is “fighting for”. Another said:""Everyone is free to do what they consider necessary and right, and not what society imposes on them. ""This is freedom and tolerance, not what BLM is fighting for ."" City won 2-0 to progress to the quarterfinals with a 4-0 aggregate victory. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/518392-russian-referees-kneeling-manchester-city-blm/
"16 Mar, 2021",Joy Behar tries to shame GOP senator for fearing ‘fictitious’ Antifa instead of ‘real’ Capitol lynch mob & cop killers,"Co-host of ABC The View talk show, Joy Behar, lobbied for the removal of a Republican senator by repeating misinformation about the US Capitol riot and arguing that Antifa is a “fictitious idea.” On Monday episode, Behar called out recent comments by Senator Ron Johnson (R-Wisconsin), who said he would have been more worried if the people who stormed the US Capitol on January 6 had been Antifa and blacklivesmatter rioters, rather than supporters of former president Donald Trump. Behar called Johnson a racist and set up her arguments against him by falsely portraying the Capitol rioters and dismissing Antifa completely. “If I were surrounded by people carrying weapons, people erecting nooses, screaming Hang Mike Pence, bludgeoning a police officer to death, I might be a little scared,”Behar said as she read her statement.“But Ron? No, he not scared of those people.” He scared of this fictitious idea of Antifa, a thing that doesn t even exist. He needs to go. He needs to go, and soon. The first part of Behar statement was almost entirely false or misleading. Brian Sicknick, the one police officer who purportedly died as a result of the Capitol riot, wasn t bludgeoned to death, as falsely reported by CNN and other media outlets. He collapsed in his office hours after the riot ended, and his cause of death is still under investigation. Two men were arrested Sunday for allegedly assaulting Sicknick by spraying him in the face with an unknown substance. An FBI official told Congress that to her knowledge, no firearms were confiscated from anyone at the Capitol, and the only shot fired was by the officer who killed rioter Ashli Babbitt. The protesters did indeed used mannequins with nooses as demonstration props, and makeshift gallows were set up with two-by-fours outside the Capitol – although not unlike the fake guillotine that BLM protesters used to behead a Trump effigy outside the White House last August. But it was Behar comments about Antifa that were perhaps most provocative. Just as President Joe Biden did during last year presidential campaign, she tried to argue that the anarchist group doesn t exist. Even co-host Megan McCain noted that Antifa activists last week set fire to the federal courthouse in Portland, and said that arguing it doesn t exist is“factually wrong, inaccurate and a lie.”Behar responded by citing a statement by FBI Director Chris Wray that Antifa is“an ideology, not an organization,”but Wray added that it s“a real thing”with followers who are violent extremists. When McCain reiterated that Antifa exists, Behar said,“I m done. I said my thing and you said yours.” .@JoyVBeharshould read some of the criminal complaints from around the country where evidence is provided showing the suspects’ ties to militant#antifa. They aren t reported in the legacy media. The case of Darby Howard in Portland is just from a few days ago, by the way:https://t.co/EPJdsz52Iepic.twitter.com/b1uhXU3iQl Journalist Andy Ngo, who was attacked by a mob of Antifa protesters in 2019, and whose bestselling book about Antifa origins and plans was published last month, said Behar should read criminal complaints from around the country showing suspects ties to Antifa. One such case involved Darby Howard, who was arrested twice last Thursday in Portland – once for allegedly punching a cop in the head and helping to trash a bank lobby, and later for allegedly throwing a scooter through a window of the federal courthouse. He was still wearing the orange sneakers issued by the city jail when he was arrested for the second time. Joy Behar says that antifa that rioted for over 120 days in a row in Portland doesn t even exist.https://t.co/V2uTnwJqyO Another author, David Harris Jr., pointed out that Behar argued Antifa doesn t exist despite the fact that the group rioted for 120 consecutive days last year in Portland alone. This is OUTRAGEOUS. Ideas don t burn down and loot our cities!https://t.co/j86C7lsszE “This is outrageous,”conservative commentator Brigitte Gabriel said.“Ideas don t burn down and loot our cities.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518300-fictitious-antifa-capitol-rioters/
"16 Mar, 2021",Portland’s mayor says public are ‘sick and tired’ of the nightly riots… he’s done nothing to stop,"Mayor Ted Wheeler appears to have finally worked out that the residents of Portland, Oregon might be losing patience with endless rioting and vandalism. If only he were in a position to do something about it. Portland is a joke. The city has gone from being a byword for early-2010s hipsterism, replete with vegan bookstores and feminist interpretive dance studios, to a s**tholeteemingwith addicts and the homeless, where nihilist ‘Antifa’ rioters come out every night to smash windows, start fires, and assault police officers. For nine months straight, the riots have been an almost nightly occurrence. In the past week alone, black-clad left-wingers set a federal courthouse on fire, vandalized downtown shopfronts, and pelted rocks and beer cans at police officers. Cops seized knives, hammers, and firearms. Mayor Ted Wheeler, a Democrat, has declared that enough is enough.“The community is sick and tired of people engaging in criminal destruction and violence, and doing it under the guise of some noble cause,”Wheeler told apress conferenceon Monday night.“We want you to know that we’re aligning our resources, we’re revising our tactics, and we’re fighting back with everything that we’ve got.” Wheeler didn’t say what form the city’s pushback would take, but he’scondemnedthe violence before and done nothing. If the fire-startingreprobatesbesieging his city listened to strongly worded statements, Portland wouldn’t be the cesspool it is. Alas they don’t, and Wheeler hasn’t really got anything stronger to offer. Let’s see what he’s tried so far. When then-president Donald Trump deployed federal agents last summer to protect government buildings from the nightly battering by the Antifa crowd, Wheeler demanded they stand down, publicly declaring,“This is not the America we want.”He then tried speaking to the protesters to figure out their demands, but was met with chants of“F**k Ted Wheeler”and caught in a cloud of tear gas. As the summer dragged on, they ignored his repeated pleas for calm, adding insult to injury in August by surrounding his condo and chucking burning trash through the windows as Wheeler celebrated his birthday inside. Antifa rioters have grown the fire outside@tedwheeler’s condo in NW Portland. There is black smoke everywhere on the street. Meanwhile, they are still shining lights into people’s homes.#PortlandRiotspic.twitter.com/MCv6H7Blbf Any sane man would turn the police loose on these degenerates, but Ted Wheeler is not a sane man. Instead, hebannedthe cops from using tear gas on rioters, cut the force’s budget by $7 million (weeks before the city’s council stripped another$15 millionfrom the budget with his support), and announced a host of“bold”reforms, which includedscrappinga gun-violence reduction unit. As a result, the city’s homicide rate soared to its highest level in nearly three decades. None of these measures appeased the mob, nor has the passing of time lessened their appetite for destruction. Wheeler pulled $15 million from the police budget, protesters demanded $50 million. They called him“Tear Gas Ted”when he sent in police officers, but attacked him when he tried talking to them. George Floyd’s alleged killer, Derek Chauvin, will soon have his day in court, but the riots continue under the guise of blacklivesmatter ing. Donald Trump is out of office, but the left-wing violence is ongoing. Wheeler, like Minneapolis’ cuckoldedMayor Jacob Frey, radiates weakness, and the mob can smell it. Emboldened by the fact that they’ve largely gotten away with their nine-month crime spree, they’re showing zero intention of backing off now. At a certain point, appeasement becomes masochism. I can only speculate as to whether Wheeler has a thing for humiliation, but it’s not just the mayor hurting here. As he said himself,“the community”is tired of the lawlessness. Wheeler could end the destruction in a night. As both mayor and police commissioner, he could single-handedly order a crackdown on the riots, and he’d have the support of the public, who’vedemandedthe police use more force, not less. Law and order isn’t a political position; it’s a prerequisite for a civilized society to exist and thrive. Wheeler may be starting to realize this on some level, as he said last week that he’ll seek $2 million in funding to bring back the anti-gun taskforce he cut last summer. While $2 million is a fraction of the sum he pulled from policing in 2021, it may well be the start of an actual pushback in more than words. After months of embarrassing kowtowing before the dregs of the left, it’s the least he can do. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518266-portland-ted-wheeler-weak/
"16 Mar, 2021",Bill Burr’s black wife is a ‘minority sex servant’? Woke activist called out for ‘worst tweet ever’,"Comedian Bill Burr has angered the cancel crowd with offensive jokes. They’re calling him racist, but the fact that he’s married to a black woman isn’t placating them. To one, it actually means he owns a “minority sex servant.” Burr hosted last weekend’s Grammy Awards, and his jokes rubbed woke viewers up the wrong way. He jibed at feminists, mispronounced Latino names, and (imagine the horror) made fun of K-pop. A torrent of outrage followed, with some commenters threatening Burr with violence and death. Amid the uproar, one Twitter user stepped in to defend Burr from the racism accusations, posting a picture of the comedian and his black wife, actress Nia Renee Hill. GenZ calling Bill Burr a racist... 😬😳Bill Burr and his beautiful wife Nia. 💕pic.twitter.com/C9XsPhtIQZ Confronted with Burr’s interracial marriage, the outrage mob simply moved the goalposts. Nill was called a“coon”for marrying Burr, who was called a“white supremacist”and a“slave owner.”But one of the most outrageous comments came from author andfailed politicianClayburn Griffin. “While I’m not suggesting Bill Burr is a racist, a white man having a non-white wife can sometimes be a sign of racism,”he declared.“So you shouldn’t assume someone isn’t racist just because they own a minority sex servant. They may very well have one because they’re racist.” While I m not suggesting Bill Burr is a racist, a white man having a non-white wife can sometimes be a sign of racism. So you shouldn t assume someone isn t racist just because they own a minority sex servant. They may very well have one because they re racist. Damned if you do, damned if you don’t. Griffin’s comments drew ridicule from all sides of the political spectrum.“What kind of mental gymnastics did you go through to be both racist AND sexist unintentionally?”one commenterasked. Don’t assume that Clayburn isn’t a dumbasshttps://t.co/PCuvrHMHLZ This is one of the worst things I ve ever read. Wokeness is brain cancer.https://t.co/NwtSLw4wTM “This white guy has made a promise to spend the rest of his life devoted to this woman of color. What a racist.”https://t.co/3AcUJVgzJo Well done. Worst tweet ever. And the competition is tough. You won. You can delete your account now. Hill herself stepped in to defend her“racist”husband, calling Griffin a“b**ch”andtellinghim to“shut the f**k up.” Griffin himself dug in and stood by his argument, claiming that commenters calling him the real racist were doing so because the“alt-right”took his tweet“out of context.”He found little sympathy, however. The “alt-right” isn’t spreading this my dude, stop lying to yourself. You’re getting flamed by Liberals too.You don’t seem to have a grasp on your own racism. Griffin isn’t the first woke activist criticized for racism of his own. A host of ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ figures werecaught on cameralast year engaging in some blatant bigotry, including attacks on gay people and tirades against their own race dating white people. He would, however, do well to remember an article he wrote in 2012, offering advice on“Online Reputation Management.” “Once something is on the internet, it will exist forever,”he wrote.“So, be very careful about what you post online.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518269-bill-burr-racist-wife/
"16 Mar, 2021","In 30 years in the force, I’ve policed riots and royal weddings. Here’s what I would have done at the Sarah Everard vigil","A lone woman is murdered, allegedly by a policeman, but does that justify a mass gathering in the midst of a pandemic that’s killing thousands and shattering the economy? And was the Met’s response to it right or wrong? Kevin Hurleyis the former Head of Counter Terrorism at the City of London Police and a reservist army officer. He has spent two tours in Iraq and one in Afghanistan addressing insurgency as both a police specialist and a soldier. The questions arising from the weekend’s vigil for murdered Sarah Everard are many. Did officers foul up by intervening to make arrests? Why did the mayor of London and the leaders of the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties howl in outrage at apparent police heavy handedness? With more than 30 years in policing, I have worked at every kind of vigil, demonstration, riot or public order event there is. I have done so as a constable, a sergeant and as an inspector leading officers on the ground. I’ve been the officer commanding several hundred at an event, and a chief superintendent running operations from the Scotland Yard control room. From football matches to Notting Hill carnivals and major funerals, I’ve done it all. Whether that’s putting my helmet on little children and laughing with parents at street parties, or baton-charging football hooligans. I have some thoughts for you on recent events, some that might enrage you, and others that might surprise you. Three days ago, we were shocked to see a supposedly silent vigil to honour a woman murdered on our streets turn into a media frenzy, with photographs of policemen manhandling women and men attending the event. But did the vigil get hijacked by others with an ulterior motive? What exactly happened last Saturday night on London’s Clapham Common? Was the police action justifiable? Was it wise to intervene at an event where emotions were so high – particularly as the alleged suspect for the murder of Sarah was a police officer? Should the police have used greater resources at the outset to stop any sort of gathering in the midst of the pandemic, or should they have just looked away and allowed those attending to break lockdown rules, placing all of us at more risk? How do we contrast police actions last week with those of officers at blacklivesmatter demos last year, where officers took a knee in the face of demonstrators, allowed statues to be desecrated and even ran away in Whitehall when confronted? Double standards at work? How do the police actions compare with the efforts to break up illegal raves, where hundreds of officers in shields and riot helmets have been forced to confront violence to enforce lockdown rules? We do not know all of the facts, but we know some. We know that a number of female activists tried to arrange a vigil to remember an innocent woman who was murdered. Also, that the police asked them not to hold the ceremony on the basis that a large gathering would risk spreading coronavirus and break lockdown regulations. No official vigil was organised, but nevertheless hundreds of mainly young women and others arrived in the late afternoon on Clapham Common to lay flowers and light candles. Despite many broken regulations, the police initially did nothing. Their presence was very light, consisting of only a few women officers, deployed to avoid exacerbating any feelings against men or male officers. As night fell, however, the dynamics of the crowd changed, as it always does. The darkness, the torches and flash photography cause people to become disoriented and less rational, allowing emotion to overcome common sense. At about this time, a man stepped onto the bandstand to make a speech to the huge, densely packed crowd around it. By now what had been a silent vigil had turned into a demonstration. The crowd started to put pressure on the bandstand, trampling on the hundreds of bouquets of flowers laid in Sarah’s memory. At this time, it appears that a decision was made to send more officers to the bandstand to move the crowd back. They were dressed in normal uniforms with flat caps – a very moderate form of dress for a public order event. As the police attempted to direct people away from the bandstand, it is clear that they came under a lot of abuse, both verbal and physical. Some 26 officers were injured or spat upon. They used their right to self defence to push back; they could do nothing less about the threat of being surrounded by hundreds of hostile people, some not wearing masks properly in the midst of a pandemic. The net result was that four people were arrested. Hardly an example of the police going over the top. There is not one image of police punching, kicking or batoning anyone. No shields, riot helmets, dogs or horses, which you would expect if police were breaking up an event and facing resistance. There’s plenty of video, however, of people chanting abuse and shrieking at the police. And yes, some evidence of offices pushing people out of their interpersonal space. In the midst of such confrontations, four were arrested; if people resist police requests to move, they should not be surprised to end up on the ground. Some demonstrators may even have engineered these confrontations, knowing that the images they create are lapped up by a sometimes gullible media. As if by magic, demonstrators produced a large banner with ACAB on it, or ‘All Coppers are Bastards’. Others produced spray paint and damaged police vehicles. Both are evidence that some people came to the vigil intent on mischief. Never mind that the squad cars are made unserviceable, and therefore can’t be used the next day, perhaps to go to the aid of a domestic violence victim. Let me answer some of the questions I posed above. As a police constable, I do not accept being pushed, spat upon or even assaulted while doing my job. I would always keep demonstrators distanced from me, especially after dark when things happen fast. I don’t want to be kicked in the goolies, stabbed or have corrosive liquid thrown at me by someone who swiftly disappears into the dark. Get in my face and I will move you, especially if you might give me the virus. If I am there as a sergeant or inspector, I will look after my officers and make sure we dominate the immediate surroundings. Whether by verbal communication or by upping the ante, depending on how the crowd is moving and behaving. It’s a delicate judgement in the dark, where rumour and emotion spread fast. Perhaps I might withdraw my officers, so as to avoid what could become hand-to-hand fighting. What would I have done if I had been in overall command on the ground on Saturday, watching the flowers laid in honour of Sarah being trampled by an increasingly agitated crowd? All of whom are now breaking government regulations over the virus? A few urgent thoughts would be rushing through my head. Will I be criticised for allowing a crush to develop around the bandstand, possibly resulting in injuries or even deaths, and for not protecting the flowers? Will I be admonished for ignoring a flagrant breach of lockdown rules? We all remember Hillsborough (the 1989 football stadium tragedy that left 96 fans crushed to death), especially if you are a public order commander. Safety – for all concerned, including officers – is paramount. And what of the commissioner’s strategic commanders back at HQ? Should they have even allowed such a mass gathering to occur in the first place? Swirling through their minds will have been considerations like what they did or did not do at last year’s BLM gatherings, or at the many illegal raves that have taken place during lockdown. Inevitably, the spotlight has been shone on Met Commissioner Cressida Dick. She is the first woman in history to hold the position. She’s assisted by 20-plus senior officers and a further 30 or 50 chief superintendents, who have delegated authority to manage incidents whatever they might be. An impromptu gathering on Clapham Common – albeit one so much in the public eye and connected to a member of her force – is rightly below her pay grade. She leaves such things to be managed by her team. Running a multi-billion-pound operation, with 50,000 staff dealing with millions of calls for service a year, ecompassing terrorism, football matches, murders, hundreds of thousands of ordinary crimes etc., means she has to delegate. If she had been briefed on the vigil, which she probably was, she might perhaps have said to an assistant commissioner,“Keep your eye on it.”That conversation would have gone through at least two more levels before a chief superintendent or superintendent who has managed such events for perhaps 25 years would have said,“Leave it to me, boss.”I believe public order command is headed at present, for the first time, by a female chief superintendent. We will all have a view on these events; it depends on how we view the threats to life from the pandemic, versus the desire to express our emotions honouring a woman’s life. As for Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, the Labour leader Keir Starmer and the Lib-Dems’ Ed Davey, they have all been in politics for a long time. Sure, their outrage aimed at the police will win a few cheap votes from young females and those with chips on their shoulder about the force. But all their comments will have done is add fuel to the fire, damage the confidence of some people in the police, and further demoralise those very officers who time and time again come to the rescue of women facing violence on the streets or in their homes. With the result that we are all a bit less safe. Maybe the police could and should have done something differently on the night. If so, you know more than me about keeping the public order. There is a lesson for the police bosses in this unseemly affair, however, one that they continually fail to learn. Social media and relationships with the media generally are powerful tools in delivering messages and influencing outcomes. It is high time that the Met directed more efforts to these communication channels. A proactive and early campaign using social media, TV, radio and bloggers might have persuaded many people to stay away from the event at Clapham. Especially if the talking heads had been young junior female officers sharing their experiences of attending domestic violence cases and corona callouts. Get the police side of the story out there. As for those who turned up at the vigil, whether earlier in the day with flowers or those agitators later on with their signs, loudhailers and spray paint, I have a simple message: You all should have stayed at home. I have lost two good friends to the virus and millions have lost relatives. How dare you risk more of us with your emotional outpouring and break lockdown rules? From everything that I have read about Sarah Everard, I doubt she would have wanted that. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/518256-sarah-everard-police-vigil/
"15 Mar, 2021","Derek Chauvin lawyers ‘gravely concerned’ about juror impartiality after George Floyd civil settlement, ask for trial delay","Lawyers for Minneapolis ex-cop and accused murderer Derek Chauvin are desperate to postpone his trial, hoping to find impartial jurors to hear the high-profile case after the city of Minneapolis delivered a massive settlement. With nine jurors seated as of Monday afternoon, the defense was granted a motion to eventually recall those who’d already been seated before the city of Minneapolis delivered the largest-ever civil settlement to the family of George Floyd on Friday. Hennepin County Judge Peter Cahill agreed to “call back the seven [jurors] to see if they ve read anything or if it changes their minds about whether they can be fair and impartial,"" complaining “I wish the city officials would stop talking about this case so much.” With just seven out of 14 jurors empaneled before the weekend, lead defense attorney Eric Nelson attempted to push the date of Chauvin’s trial further into the future, asking for a continuance and renewing his plea to move the trial to another city. Nelson argued that the enormously high-profile case stood no chance of receiving a fair hearing in his client’s home city after the city of Minneapolis delivered what it said was one of the largest-ever wrongful death settlements to victim George Floyd’s family. Chauvin’s attorneys made it clear they did not believe they would be able to find seven more jurors capable of hearing the case impartially in light of the $27 million wrongful death payout, with Nelson saying the settlement had “incredible potential to taint the jury pool.” The former cop’s legal team said it was “gravely concerned” about the impact of the mammoth payout to the family of Floyd, the black ex-convict who died during an arrest in which Chauvin kneeled on his neck for almost nine excruciating minutes. Video of Chauvin restraining Floyd on Memorial Day went viral last year, kicking off a summer of violent unrest and protests across the country and overseas. Chauvin faces charges of second- and third-degree murder over Floyd’s death, as well as a charge of manslaughter. His trial is scheduled to begin on March 29, and jury selection is underway even as the case remains one of the highest-profile in the country. The third-degree murder charge was reinstated by Judge Cahill just last week. The Minneapolis City Council unanimously approved the $27 million payout to Floyd’s estate on Friday, including $500,000 earmarked for the neighborhood where he died. The ex-cop has pleaded not guilty on all charges. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518180-chauvin-jurors-panel-minneapolis-floyd/
"15 Mar, 2021",CBS talk show SUSPENDED amid probe into Sharon Osbourne’s defense of Piers Morgan in ‘racism’ row – reports,"CBS has canceled episodes of ""The Talk"" for Monday and Tuesday amid an ""investigation"" of a heated exchange last week in which co-host Sharon Osbourne defended the right of Piers Morgan to opine about Meghan Markle, reports claim. Plans currently call for resuming filming of live episodes on Wednesday, but producers will re-evaluate where the talk show stands as the probe progresses, entertainment website Deadline reported. The hiatus could even be extended or lead to more severe action against Osbourne. The controversy began last Wednesday, after Osbourne had declared her support for former ITV presenter Morgan, who expressed skepticism over the Duchess of Sussex allegations that she had suicidal thoughts after being mistreated by UK media. Morgan quit his talk show amid a flood of viewer complaints and allegations that his criticism of Markle was rooted in racism. Osbourne said she didn t share Morgan view, but she noted that he was paid to give his opinions and speak what he saw as the truth. The resulting row on""The Talk""was a pop-culture trainwreck, starting when co-host Sheryl Underwood asked Osbourne what she would tell people who see hersupport for Morganas giving""validation or safe haven to something that he had uttered that is racist."" The 68-year-old Osbourne, wife of 1970s rock star Ozzy Osbourne, demanded that Underwood explain exactly what Morgan had said that was racist. As she continued to press for an answer, Osbourne became visibly angry and went on an expletive-laden rant. Underwood called for a commercial break, but Osbourne continued demanding an answer when the show returned. She later asked,""If Piers doesn t like someone and they happen to be black, does that make him a racist?""After her co-hosts said ""no,"" she asked,""So why can t it be, he just doesn t like her? Why does it have to be racist?"" Critics on social media ripped Osbourne for proving that she a""racist gas-lighter""and""top-tier toxic,""to the point of daring to tell herblack co-hostnot to cry. Osbourne apologized for her outburst on Thursday, saying,""I am truly sorry. I panicked, felt blindsided, got defensive and allowed my fear and horror of being accused of being racist take over."" CBS on Friday announced its investigation, saying,""We are committed to a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace. All matters related to the Wednesday episode of The Talk are currently under internal review."" News of the cancelation didn’t go down well on social media. Conservative author Mark Hyman commented that the network handling of the incident shows that it doesn t support diversity of viewpoints – in this case Osbourne contention that Morgan isn t racist for having a negative opinion of Markle. CBS states it supports diversity of viewpoints ... until it doesn t. ""The Talk"" on hiatus while it investigates Sharon Osbourne statement she supports Piers Morgan freedom to state his views even if she disagrees w/ him.https://t.co/PNUgBuwMDd ""This is getting insane,""Donald Trump Jr. said on Monday.“No other shows are being pulled off the air because someone who actually knows someone else doesn t believe they re racist,”he added. Morgan himself weighed in, saying that it was absurd for CBS to suspend the show over the""scandal""of Osbourne daring to support him.""The real scandal is me being branded a racist for refusing to believe a liar,""he said. This is getting insane! Now other shows are being pulled off the air because someone who actually knows someone else doesn’t believe they’re racist simply because someone else accused them of it with no basis simply because he didn’t believe someone else. Got it?!?@piersmorganhttps://t.co/VX0NOk9mEx ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518177-the-talk-canceled-piers-morgan-row/
"14 Mar, 2021",‘Die-in’ in NYC & vandalism in LA as protesters mark 1yr anniversary of Breonna Taylor’s death (VIDEOS),"Protesters took to the streets in America’s two largest cities to mark the one-year anniversary of the police shooting that killed Breonna Taylor. Her death became a rallying cry for the blacklivesmatter movement. Hundreds of people gathered in New York City’s Times Square to participate in a ‘die-in’ to remember her killing. Footage from RT’s video agency Ruptly shows people lying on the ground, with some holding signs reading“ blacklivesmatter ”and“Abolish the police.” Elsewhere in the city, demonstrators carrying signs and chanting Taylor’s name shut down the Brooklyn Bridge. Similar protests were held in Louisville, Seattle, and Portland. Taylor, a 26-year-old medical worker, was shot and killed by Louisville police officers during a botched raid at her apartment. In Los Angeles, demonstrators carrying shields marched through neighborhoods as they shouted“black women matter.” The demonstration also sparked acts of vandalism. Activists reportedly smashed up the windows of several businesses in Hollywood. Protesters also threw rocks at police, resulting in several arrests. One officer was injured in the clashes, local media reported. Hollywood: Antifa/BLM smashed windows of a CVS & an Asian Grill tonight for Breonna Taylorpic.twitter.com/9wfkYMSWcv In one clip, a demonstrator is seen attacking a police cruiser, jumping on the vehicle as it attempts to speed away. At the#antifariot in Los Angeles, two rioters jump on a police vehicle to attack it. One of the rioters stays on the car as the officer drives off.#AntifaRiots#BLMpic.twitter.com/NMOiDAab9l In total, around 200 people participated in the Los Angeles protest, local media reported. Journalist Andy Ngo claimed that the demonstration was organized by the Youth Liberation Front, which has been involved in violent protests in Portland and Seattle. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/518057-new-york-los-angeles-breonna-taylor-protest/
"14 Mar, 2021","‘Move in groups, loot stores’: BLM protest over black woman’s arrest descends into violence in Belgium (VIDEOS)","A protest against police brutality in Liege, Belgium has spiraled into clashes and looting, after an initially peaceful demonstration was hijacked by around 200 hooligans who went on to wreck the city center, police said. Demonstrators took to the streets of the eastern Belgian city on Saturday to protest the arrest of a black woman by police earlier this week. The march was peaceful until a group of rowdy youth joined in, and then spread through the city center, wreaking havoc. “We are dealing with two hundred young people, ‘casseurs’, who move very quickly, in groups, and loot stores,”a police spokeswoman told AFP. Vandals smashed store windows and“ransacked a whole McDonald’s”in their assault on city businesses, police said. African migrants loot businesses and clash with the police after a#BlackLivesMatterprotest in the city of#Liege,#Belgium(!!!) today. Vid by@based_belgium(worth a follow)pic.twitter.com/MjatlEAZlb Police used water cannons to disperse the crowd as rioters threw rocks at the officers and attacked police vehicles. Some heavy fighting in#liege#luik#Belgiumbricks thrown at riot police as they arrest someone who manages to escape.pic.twitter.com/dWXtZgXBaN #Belgique🇧🇪 - À Liège, des émeutes ont éclaté lors d une manifestation autour de la place Saint-Lambert. Une démonstration du secteur culturel a eu lieu plus tôt dans la journée.pic.twitter.com/iB8kOLSDqp Several officers were injured, police said. Nieuwe beelden uit#Luik. Plunderingen, rellen, en op deze video meerdere aanvallen met kasseien op de politie. Weet u waarom de bevolking massaal kiest voor onze partij? Omwille v dit soort taferelen én omdat wij de enige partij zijn die de juiste oplossing heeft. Recht en orde!pic.twitter.com/C8Ly0iNeQJ CLASHES FOLLOWING A BLM DEMONSTRATION IN LIÈGEAntifa and BLM supporters looted a shopping mall In Belgium, a blacklivesmatter demonstration got out of hand. The demonstrators attacked police officers and looted several businesses.pic.twitter.com/6mTWk7KjdT Thevideothat triggered Saturday’s protest and sparked accusations of racism against the Liege police, shows officers pinning a woman of Congolese descent to the ground. The woman claimed that an officer beat her with a baton and almost choked her after she refused to get to the ground and set out to leave following an ID check. The woman, identified by local media as Tania, said that she approached the officers herself after she saw them surrounding a woman, who apparently felt unwell. Being a caregiver, she said she wanted to help the woman until the ambulance arrived. However, her interaction with the police quickly took a turn for the worse. Police defended the officers’ conduct, claiming that the woman, who is now being accused of“rebellion,”went berserk and bit one of the officers, which led to the incident. Police spokesperson Jadranka Lozinadescribedthe use of force as“a clean, justified intervention,”insisting that“police have nothing to be ashamed of.” The incident has drawn comparisons with the death of American man George Floyd in police custody, which triggered a wave of protests in the US last year. The protests were often marred by violence, spiraling into looting and vandalism. ",https://www.rt.com/news/518049-belgium-clashes-looting-blm/
"13 Mar, 2021",Police round up women mourning London kidnapping-murder victim in crackdown on VIGIL held despite Covid ban (VIDEOS),"A London vigil for murder victim Sarah Everard -- held in defiance of a police order amid the Covid-19 pandemic – turned ugly after large numbers of officers arrived and tried to clear people from the area. Several organizers of Saturday vigil at Clapham Common were reportedly arrested, and footage from the scene showed clashes with police. One clip posted on Twitter shows several women standing on the edge of a bandstand where police congregated, including one holding a sign that says,""We aren t safe in our homes.""Four women are then grabbed from behind by officers, pulled back and arrested after several people in the crowd try unsuccessfully to pull them back. I’ve covered protests of all sides which the Met police for a decade, compared to most forces around the world they are largely decent and fair. But this is bloody shocking and appalling.pic.twitter.com/ANdAw4NdFP One of those women was shown face down on the ground being handcuffed by police in a photo posted by actor and political activist Guillaume Rivaud. Talk show host George Galloway, a former member of Parliament, called the shot a""fatal photograph""for Metropolitan Police commissioner Cressida Dick. This is a fatal photograph for#CressidaDickhttps://t.co/zOKfZhrM0J Home Secretary Priti Patel said she has asked Metropolitan Police for a""full report""on what happened at the vigil, according to Sky News. One clip from the scene shows police being booed and shouted at by the crowd after they stepped onto the bandstand around 6:30 p.m. Our reporter@NewsFrenchTonyrecorded this footage from Sarah Everard vigil at Clapham commonpic.twitter.com/IhKzJqo7G5 The March 3 kidnapping and murder of Everard, allegedly by a London police constable, became a rallying cry over the dangers to women on UK streets. Green Party politician Baroness Jenny Jones went so far as to suggest imposing a 6 p.m. curfew on all men. Police had ordered cancellation of the vigil, saying earlier Saturday that despite sharing the public outrage over Everard murder and rising concerns over violence against women,""we must all continue to work together to fight Covid-19 and keep each other safe.""Vigil organizers challenged the order in court, but the policedecisionwas upheld. Labour Party leader Keir Starmer called the scenes from Clapham Common""deeply disturbing""and said women should have been allowed to mourn for Everard peacefully.""I share their anger and upset at how this has been handled,""Starmer said on Twitter. The scenes in Clapham this evening are deeply disturbing. Women came together to mourn Sarah Everard - they should have been able to do so peacefully. I share their anger and upset at how this has been handled. This was not the way to police this protest. Australian journalist Rita Panahi said there were claims of""Antifa agitators""attending the vigil, and there were some""ACAB""signs seen in the crowd. But the""heavy-handed""response to the Clapham Common vigil showed a""two-tier policing""system, as officers""took a knee""when blacklivesmatter protesters rioted and tore down statues last summer, she said. Another example of two-tier policing in the UK. BLM marched during a pandemic & tore down statues while police took a knee. But the constabulary decide to be heavy handed with women at a vigil.pic.twitter.com/riXJtZKqUD UK journalist Vincent McAviney called Saturday police response""bloody shocking and appalling""and said it was unlike the relatively""decent and fair""conduct he d seen from Metropolitan Police at protests in London over the past decade. Photos posted by Vice UK executive editor Zing Tsjeng showed the apparently calm scene around the bandstand before police made their show of force. Flowers and tributes were placed on one side of the bandstand in Everard honor. This is what the Sarah Everard vigil looked like before tens of Met Police moved in, disrupted the mourners and proceeded to arrest women off the bandstand. Shamefulpic.twitter.com/RcsIF76Nwj Earlier in the day, Kate Middleton was photographed paying her respects, without wearing a mask, at the vigil. Police apparently refrained from throwing the Duchess of Cambridge on the ground and arresting her. The Duchess of Cambridge has paid her respects to Sarah Everard at Clapham Common bandstandpic.twitter.com/fOCDsV8SuR I suppose we should be grateful they didn’t arrest the Duchess of Cambridge ",https://www.rt.com/uk/518048-vigil-clashes-arrest-murder/
"13 Mar, 2021",‘Respect to him’: Crystal Palace ace Zaha becomes first Premier League star NOT to take a knee after describing it as ‘degrading’,"Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha made good on his vow not to take a knee anymore as he became the first Premier League star to go against the grain since the gesture was introduced. Zaha stood tall while others around him knelt before the kick-off as Palace took on West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday, making the 28-year-old Ivory Coast star the first footballer in England’s top flight to shun the move. 🗣""I will continue to stand tall""Wilfried Zaha becomes first Premier League player to not take a kneepic.twitter.com/1EKG1WMbyl The former Manchester United star initially explained his decision back in February, saying:“I feel like taking a knee is degrading. “Growing up, my parents just let me know that I should just be proud to be black, no matter what, and I just think we should stand tall. “I think the meaning behind the whole thing is becoming something that we just do now. That’s not enough. I’m not going to take the knee.” Players in England adopted the gesture on the resumption of football last June, amid the swell of the blacklivesmatter movement following the death of George Floyd at the hands of police in America. blacklivesmatter signs can still be found at Premier League stadiums, although the league itself has since replaced logos bearing the BLM name with a ‘No Room for Racism’ message on players’ shirts instead. On Saturday at Selhurst Park, Zaha stood with his hands behind his back and facing forwards while others on the pitch – including officials – dropped to one knee. The act from the forward won widespread praise on social media. “Respectful decision...I understand where he is coming from. Half the players and people do it to fulfill righteousness, you might as well stop,”wroteone fan. “Stop the kneeling. It doesn’t help anything [or] anyone. We need concrete action,”wroteanother. “Respect to him. Taking a knee isn’t going to change anything and it undermines the whole thing,”read another response. Zaha refuses to add his voice by kneeling! Kept his word. He becomes the only one not kneeling before kick-off in EPL.#zaha#CRYWBApic.twitter.com/gvhtriqaQh Respect to him ✊ Taking a knee isn’t going to change anything and it undermines the whole thing Ahead of kick-off, Zaha had released a statement to reiterate the thinking behind the step. ""There is no right or wrong but I feel kneeling just became a part of pre-match routine and at the moment, it doesn t matter whether we kneel or stand. Some of us still continue to receive abuse,”he said. Wilfried Zaha statement.#CPFCpic.twitter.com/kHF6AKd8D9 ""I know there is a lot of work being done behind the scenes at the Premier League and other authorities to make change, and I fully respect that, and everyone involved. I also fully respect my teammates and players at other clubs who continue to take the knee. ""As a society, I feel we should be encouraging better education in schools...and social media companies should be taking stronger action against people who abuse others – not just footballers – online. I now want to focus on football and enjoy playing. ""I will continue to stand tall."" Zaha is far from the only football figure to question the gesture. Players at second-tier Championship clubs Queens Park Rangers, Brentford, Bournemouth and Derby Countyare among thosenot to drop to one knee before games. Speaking to RT Sport in February, former Liverpool and England icon John Barnes said the gesture was ultimately just a token and could not change“systemic racism.” “Taking the knee highlights the problem, and it been highlighting the problems since the George Floyd situation.That all,”Barnes said. “…So if people feel that all they can do is highlight it, then take a knee. But if they feel they want to do more and taking a knee is a token gesture – and in many respects it is just a token gesture – if they decide not to do it because they want to do something else, I m fine [with that]. ""I wouldn t be taking a knee. However, I don t say that people shouldn t be taking a knee. But taking a knee does nothing apart from highlight the problem."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/518038-respect-to-him-crystal-palace-zaha-not-take-knee/
"13 Mar, 2021","White people may not like it, but here’s why it’s time for black descendents of slaves to be paid billions in reparations","I’ve got ancestors who toiled on the plantations of the Caribbean and America, and others who were exploited under colonial rule. They deserve justice and we – just like the relatives of Holocaust victims – deserve compensation. David Matthewsis a writer whose work has appeared in The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday and the Observer, and on the BBC and Channel 4. He is the author of several books, including Voices of the Windrush Generation. Follow him on Twitter@mrdavematthews. With the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois, set to become thefirst city in Americato pay black residents reparations, millions of clenched fists will be punching the air throughout the African diaspora. I for one will be raising a glass to the city’s good burghers who’ve come up with the novel idea of using a three percent tax levy on recreational cannabis sales, among other things, to finance a fund aimed at distributing $10 million over 10 years. It’s just one decisive step in a burgeoning issue: right across America, hundreds of communities and organisations are examining the reparations issue like never before. From California’s state legislature to small cities like Evanston, to religious denominations such as the Episcopal Church and leading colleges like Georgetown University in Washington, hundreds of entities aren’t just idly mulling over or waffling about such payments – they’re looking at how to put them into practice. This comes after the US congress heard testimony on ‘H.R. 40’ – a bill aimed at establishing a commission on the legacy of slavery to examine potential payments for the descendants of enslaved Africans. I’m all for reparations – and not just because I’ve had my eye on a Porsche 911 for ages. Over the years, I’ve heard much bellyaching from vested-interest whites and Stockholm-syndromed blacks who can’t spell ‘reparations’ let alone figure out innovative and realistic mechanisms for paying this highly contested, but arguably just, form of restitution. Detractors moan that it ‘can’t be done’ or ‘it’ll never work’ or ‘who deserves it?’ or ‘where will it all end?’ – as if they actually give a fig about the ethics, morality or practicalities of reparations. Enough, already. We all know what your problem is: you just don’t want black people to ‘get even’. But eons of old-boy networks, patronage, nepotism, bungs, backhanders, bigotry and BS about the scourge of positive discrimination (aka ‘a break’) aside, if we can land a multibillion-dollar one-ton Tonka toy on Mars while simultaneously paying millions of people hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars, pounds and euros to get drunk and sit around at home watching daytime television, then we can figure out how to literally settle this blacks v. whites beef once and for all. I’ll happily STFU about racism forever if you just show me the dough and point me to the dotted line I need to sign. Hell, throw in a generous repatriation bonus and I’ll willingly ‘go back to where I came from’. Just name your price. Whether it’s governments, corporations, banks, the landed gentry… I really don’t care who’s paying. I want to be your friend as much as you want to be mine. So, let’s just cut the pretence about ‘healing’ or ‘coming together’ or creating a ‘post-racial’ world. Just pay up and let’s all go about our business. Because if the West doesn’t start coughing up, things are gonna start blowing up. Real soon. The killing of George Floyd in 2020 and the subsequent rise of blacklivesmatter may well have been a game changer. Certainly, the movement has catalysed current thinking in ways previously unimaginable, particularly among white people (did I really see the footballer John Terry sporting a BLM T-shirt last year?). But BLM, the Black Panthers, MLK, Malcolm X, the Maroons, Queen Nanny, Harriet Tubman, Toussaint Louverture and millions of ordinary black people within the diaspora have been arguing against slavery and thus for reparations for centuries. According to University College London’s (UCL) Legacies of British Slave-ownershipresearch, 10% of wealthy 19th-century Britons were directly connected to the slave trade. Proceeds from this ‘human cargo’ helped build railways, businesses, buildings and art collections that exist today. Perversely, when the British introduced their 30-year trickle-down abolition programme in the early 1800s, they paid some £20 million in reparations, not to newly emancipated slaves, but to the slave owners for their loss of “property”. In today’s money, this compensation would be worth around £2.4 billion. Needless to say, punching a 19th-century sum into an online inflation calculator does neither the economics of slavery nor its far-reaching legacy any justice. For one, a couple of billion pounds is chicken feed. It seems incalculable assessing the cost to those African states and a diaspora that has borne the brunt of 300 years of transatlantic slavery, in which upwards of 12 million kidnapped bodies were shipped off to, shunted between, and sacrificed at the altar of Western decadence. Former special advisor to Barack Obama Stuart E. Eizenstat hasargued, like many others opposed to reparations, that cash payments are not the way forward. This comes from someone who “spent decades of my life negotiating more than $17 billion in reparations for Holocaust survivors” from German governments. But every day, on the courthouse steps of Britain, America and other former slave-running Western powers, in cases from sex discrimination to libel to copyright infringement to breaches of contract, billions of dollars in claims are settled before litigation begins. Why? Because it’s more cost-effective to settle up and “make the problem go away”. If you don’t believe it works, just ask Donald Trump, or Bill Clinton… Doing the right thing avoids future embarrassment and, whether by default or by design, in giving the ‘plaintiffs’ within the diaspora financial restitution it helps to silence at least some of the animus between black people and elites. I stress the latter because another false narrative put about by the anti-reparations dog whistlers is that the overwhelming majority of ordinary white people – unconnected as they are historically or as beneficiaries to slavery – should be made to feel responsible and pay compensation through personal taxation. This is nonsense. Reparations could easily be paid via those legions of tax-dodging, money laundering and racketeering entities that have gotten away with it for too long. That’s not to say that there aren’t legitimate arguments against reparations. For instance, take everyone’s favourite African-American conservative – 90-year-old economist, social theorist, and Stanford University senior fellow Thomas Sowell. Responding to the writer Ta Nehisi Coates’ impassioned essay, The Case for Reparations, and referencing his time living through America’s Jim Crow segregation, Sowell has said: “It was a rotten system, but I don’t know how we get from that to reparations. What we see in the United States in terms of the bad things we see all around the world. If you were to give reparations to everyone whose ancestors had been slaves, I suspect that you’d have to give reparations to more than half the entire globe. Slavery was not confined to one set of races. I suspect that most of the people [who were] either slaves or slave owners around the world were neither white nor black. I mean, this was a universal curse of the human species.” There is, however, no statute of limitation in law, nor a moral or ethical concept, governing restitution for slavery. So what if the Romans enslaved ‘X’ or the Egyptians enslaved ‘Y’. It’s not just a false comparison to liken the slavery of antiquity or that imposed on the Irish or Scottish or whoever with transatlantic human trafficking; in the British context, at least, it makes a mockery of the link between pre- and industrial revolution slavery, colonialism, post-colonialism, and the economic mess many within the diaspora are in today. Reparations need to be paid because the transatlantic slave trade, put simply, is but one chapter in a centuries-old system of exploitation that got me and millions of others to where we are today. Other ethnic groups can argue the toss as to whether they’re owed or ‘deserve’ reparations. Good luck to them. But I take a pragmatic view of the issue: post-slavery, my parents and grandparents lived under British colonial rule, i.e., they existed not in a democracy, but in a de facto fascist state. They were socially engineered as a result of the slave trade and then forced to toil under a colonial-fascist regime before a scorched-earth imperialist policy coerced them to Britain to work as cheap immigrant labour. Talk about a win-win-win for the (white) man. I’m neither a religious man, nor an establishment toady. Likewise, I’d never deign to call myself a ‘man of the people’. But I do appreciate how scripture, elitist rhetoric and straight-talking vox populi helps to expose the rank hypocrisy surrounding our ever-present discourse on race and, increasingly, slave-trade reparations. While 63 per cent of Americansbelieve in Godwith “absolute certainty”, only one in five thinks that the US government should use “taxpayer money to pay damages to descendants of enslaved people in the United States.” This figure plummets to just 10% when the same question is put towhite Americans only. Patently, Americans have a problem with numbers. Literally. As the Good Book says, Numbers 14:18: “The Lord is long-suffering, and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the sons to the third and fourth generation.” I know many people who can go back three or four generations and find relatives who were under the cosh or the lash picking cotton or cane in the Carolinas or West Indies back in the day. In fact, I’ve located a few not-so-distant relatives of mine connected to the plantations of the Caribbean and the Americas. Thanks to online genealogy sites, DNA databases and access to government and academic records, millions like me can draw direct lines back to thousands of slave owners, colonialists and their modern-day profiteers. Q.E.D. As Lord Hewart, the early-20th-century Lord Chief Justice of England, once said: “It is not merely of some importance but is of fundamental importance that justice should not only be done but should manifestly and undoubtedly be seen to be done.” When it comes to delivering ‘justice’ for the slave trade, and placating a reparations lobby that’s growing in strength, depth and influence, it’s time for those holding the purse strings to put up if they want those of us who support the movement to shut up. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517984-black-slaves-reparations-paid/
"13 Mar, 2021","Scammer charged with money laundering & wire fraud after bilking $450k from donors for fake blacklivesmatter charity, DOJ says","A fraudster has been indicted on federal charges for his alleged role in swindling hundreds of thousands of dollars from donors who thought they were giving to a blacklivesmatter group, instead pocketing the funds for himself. Ohio man Sir Maejor Page, 32, was slapped with four federal counts this week, the DOJ announced in astatementon Friday, accusing him of making“fraudulent misrepresentations”to contributors to the phony BLM group, which was portrayed as a tax-exempt charity based in Atlanta, Georgia. Officials claim he ultimately took in more than $450,000. “Page is accused of using unprecedented tensions and uncertainty due to widespread civil unrest and a global pandemic to fill his own bank account,”said FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric B. Smith. Page allegedly purchased homes, traveled, and spent other people money to buy luxury items for himself, all on the backs of hardworking people believing they were donating to a worthy cause. Initially arrested by the FBI last September, Page is said to have established the blacklivesmatter of Greater Atlanta (BLMGA) group in early 2016, at which point it was formally registered as a non-profit organization. However, while the group’s tax-exempt charity status was revoked by Georgia authorities in 2019 after Page failed to submit the proper forms for three consecutive years, he continued to rake in money, telling donors in private chats that their funds would be“used to combat racial and social injustices,”according to the DOJ. Much of that fundraising was done through Facebook, which was unaware the group’s non-profit corporation had been dissolved. “As a result, BMLGA’s Facebook page continued to be displayed as a non-profit organization with a donation button through the end of September 2020, and Facebook continued to collect and disperse the purported charity donations on a bi-monthly basis,”the department continued. Page then allegedly took those funds and blew“a substantial portion”on personal expenses, including clothes, entertainment, hotel rooms and – in the largest sum – property he intended to make his personal residence. He is said to have concealed the latter purchase by putting its title under the name“Hi Frequency Ohio,”while also entering into a nondisclosure agreement with the seller so as to keep his involvement and use of donor money under wraps. Acriminal complaintfiled against Page earlier this week shows the government seized more than $250,000 in forfeitures from a Bank of America count under the BLMGA name, as well as the property bought with the proceeds. While he has since been released from custody on a $10,000 bond,accordingto an Ohio ABC affiliate, he faces up to 20 years in prison for each of the four counts, as well as hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. His next court hearing is set for March 17. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517997-blm-charity-fraud-450k/
"12 Mar, 2021",Minneapolis settles lawsuit from George Floyd estate for $27mn ahead of Derek Chauvin trial,"The Minneapolis City Council has unanimously approved a civil lawsuit settlement worth $27 million with the estate of George Floyd, over his death while being detained by police last year. The settlement includes $500,000 to be sent to the neighborhood where Floyd died during his arrest in Minneapolis on May 25, 2020. The $27 million payment marks the largest pre-trial settlement in a civil rights wrongful death case in US history. “That the largest pre-trial settlement in a wrongful death case ever would be for the life of a Black man sends a powerful message that Black lives do matter and police brutality against people of color must end,”Ben Crump, the attorney representing the Floyd family, said in a statement. The city council’s decision comes ahead of the trial of Derek Chauvin, the former officer accused of being responsible for Floyd’s death. Currently in custody, Chauvin is facing second-degree and third-degree murder charges, as well as one of manslaughter. The third-degree charge was added this week at the request of prosecutors. Floyd’s last moments and death went viral last year after a video showed Chauvin holding his knee against Floyd’s neck for approximately nine minutes after he was handcuffed and brought to the ground. Floyd became unresponsive and died. His death sparked massive blacklivesmatter protests in major cities across the country – some of which turned violent – as well as overseas. Chauvin has pleaded not guilty to the charges and his trial is set to begin on March 29. Jury selection is currently underway. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517983-george-floyd-minneapolis-settlement/
"12 Mar, 2021",Why are we allowing the lawless madness of Seattle’s CHOP autonomous zone to be repeated in Minneapolis’ George Floyd Square?,"It’s been a bad few weeks for the protest at the Minneapolis memorial site, with a shooting death and journalists being threatened. The authorities need to act now to shut the area down, before more lives are needlessly lost. is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC If I were to sit you down and tell you about an autonomous zone inside a major city where there are reports of violent crime and journalists are being threatened for approaching it, you’d probably think that I was referring to themadnessof Seattle last year. But no, the craziness has returned to another of America’s big cities. You see, it seems that there is now another autonomous zone in Minneapolis. George Floyd Square is a memorial site in south Minneapolis, at the corner where he passed away last year. Initially, the city itself put concrete barriers in place to prevent traffic from entering the area. After this happened, protesters moved in. Very recently, a journalist fromNewsNation Nowvisited the site to report on it, and wasthreatenedat the barricade. It’s also been reported that the area has been a hotbed of violent crime in recent months. Two arrests wereannouncedon Wednesday in connection with a fatal shooting last week, and this is simply the most recent incident. The protesters within the area have issued a list of 24demands, including recalling the county prosecutor, firing the head of the state’s criminal investigative agency, investing hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs to create jobs, combat racism, and support affordable housing, plus keeping the square closed until August. There have been talks of negotiations to end the zone, but this is a silly idea. Negotiation assumes that the person that you’re dealing with is of sound mind. These people are not of sound mind. Their request for the city to start firing government employees, and their desire to direct what the budget should be spent on, aren’t sensible demands. Why they’re even being taken seriously is beyond me. Here are the facts. Any area that has zero police presence and is basically being run and held hostage by ‘protesters’ is a massive risk to any citizen who lives in that area. We saw this in Seattle, and I genuinely wonder what additional evidence people need to understand this. Given the violentendof CHOP in Seattle, it’s hard to imagine how it could have gone any worse. Acting as if there is something to discuss or negotiate here is pointless. These people need to be stopped. It’s understandable that Minneapolis and its leadership are gun-shy after George Floyd. However, there needs to be recognition of the simple fact that lives are in danger, and are already being taken. For some reason, whenever this sort of thing happens, city governments are unwilling to defend the basic rights of their own citizenry. It’s pathetic. This is not a protest. You could argue that this is the real definition of domestic terrorism. If the people doing this were swearing fealty to ISIS, for example, the government would be all over it. But because these acts are done under the chant of blacklivesmatter , more lives will be lost. And all because we didn’t learn the lesson of Seattle. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517822-lawless-madness-seattle-minneapolis/
"12 Mar, 2021",Translator of Biden’s inauguration poem says he was kicked off project because he’s not black & female,"A Catalan translator says his translation of a poem recited at the President Joe Biden’s inauguration was shelved after he was told that, being a white male, he had the wrong ‘profile’ to translate a black female poet. Víctor Obiols, a renowned English-Catalan translator, said his Spanish publisher refused to use his already completed translation of Amanda Gorman’s poem‘The Hill We Climb’,ostensibly because his skin color and gender were not appropriate for the task. Barcelona-based publisher Univers said they commissioned the translation to Obiols because they considered him to be the best qualified. Obiols is well-known for translating the works of Shakespeare and Oscar Wilde into Catalan. However, after the translation was already finished, Univers was contacted by Gorman’s US publisher, Viking Books, and asked to find a translator who is a woman and an activist, preferably of African American origin, instead. “They did not question my abilities, but they were looking for a different profile, which had to be a woman, young, activist and preferably Black,”Obiols told AFP. According to Spanish media, Univers editor Ester Pujolsaidthe US publisher has every right to put any conditions in place, describing the demand as“perfectly acceptable.” Pujol noted that, although his translation would not see the light of the day, Obiols would be compensated for his work. Univers is currently looking for a suitable candidate to replace Obiols. Obiols said he was flabbergasted by the US publisher’s stance. “If I cannot translate a poet because she is a woman, young, Black, an American of the 21st century, neither can I translate Homer because I am not a Greek of the eighth century BC. Or could not have translated Shakespeare because I am not a 16th-century Englishman,”he told the media. Shortly after being given the boot, the translator posted several tweets, calling himself the“victim of a new inquisition.”He later deleted the posts because he didn’t want them to be misinterpreted, he told the media. Obiols is not the first Gorman translator who has lost the job due to issues of identity. Last month, Dutch poet Marieke Lucas Rijneveld was forced to turn down an assignment to translate the poem into Dutch as the result of a public campaign spearheaded by black culture activist Janice Deul, who argued that Rijneveld (who became the youngest writer to win the International Booker Prize last year and identifies as non-binary) is ill-suited for the job because they are white – even though Amanda Gorman selected Rijneveld herself. Solid#bbcpiece with insightful contributions and yours truly stating: ""I m not saying a white person can t translate black work, and vice versa. But not this specific poem of this specific orator in this blacklivesmatter area.""#amandagorman#rijneveld#janicedeul#meulenhoffhttps://t.co/I8zi2Sosk1 Deul said she is not against white people translating the works of black people, but only“this specific poem of this specific orator in this blacklivesmatter area.” Gorman, 23, made waves in January after becoming the youngest poet ever to recite at a presidential inauguration. Her poem, which was influenced by the Capitol riot and referred to the fragility of American democracy, drew praise from President Barack Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama. She described herself as a“skinny Black girl, descended from slaves and raised by a single mother”in the six-minutepiece. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517891-gorman-translator-black-poem/
"11 Mar, 2021","LA police was unprepared for George Floyd protest violence ‘not seen in years,’ believed it would be ‘peaceful’, report says","LAPD was poorly trained, demoralized and disorganized during the May-June 2020 riots, and mistakenly believed they would be peaceful instead of featuring violent and organized “disrupters,” according to a new report. Areportcommissioned by the Los Angeles, California city council faults the police for arresting too many people, and not enough violent rioters; using too much nonlethal ammunition, but not stopping the riots fast enough; jailing too many protesters, but not setting up field jails; and assuming“racial justice”protests would be peaceful based on prior experience, and therefore not being “proactive” about the unprecedented and unexpected violence that followed the death of George Floyd. Those are just some of the things that leap out of the report authored by a panel of former police commanders led by attorney Gerald Chaleff, and published Thursday. BREAKING: First after-action report on LAPD handling of the summer protests and unrest finds poor planning, inadequate training, disregard for rules on mass arrests and crowd control established after past failures to manage protests (w/@AlpertReyes):https://t.co/KLVcCClJwq Floyd died in Minneapolis, Minnesota on May 25, 2020. Riots broke out in the Twin Cities the very next day. Protests in downtown Los Angeles on May 27-28 were“marred by an escalating level of violence and criminality,”the report says, but LAPD treated them as isolated incidents rather than“as a manifestation of a larger expression of outrage that was spreading across”the US. The violence caught the LAPD off guard, as they“had believed that the good relationships which had been developed with various communities would cause any protests to be peaceful, as they had been in the past.” Hiding among the protesters were“disrupters”who threw dangerous objects at police and targeted them with lasers, the report noted, in a level of violence that“had not been seen at demonstrations in years.”Yet it faults the LAPD leadership for not being“proactive”about containing the groups whose objective was to“create chaos and confrontation with the police,”among other things. The Chaleff report reveals that some groups of looters“appeared to be well coordinated,”using scouts and“convoys of up to ten cars”to target a location, only to move elsewhere when police responded. Other groups that directly targeted police for violence were“dramatically”different from such rioters in the past, more violent and better organized. They threw“bricks and concrete blocks, using firecrackers or explosive devices, and pointing lasers at officers’ eyes.” Another part of the report talks about the“unrelenting”use of lasers in both LA and places“such asPortland,”as well as“containers filled with urine, frozen water bottles, and caustic chemicals such as bleach.”LAPD reported that 106 officers were injured during the riots. “The Department must do everything it can to provide for officer safety and at the same time protect the safety of those who are peacefully protesting,”the report said, without specifying as to how. LAPD did not establish a command post until May 30 and the first field jail until June 2. More than 4,000 people were arrested between May 29 and June 2 – many of whom have sued the city claiming that under municipal code, they should have only been issued a citation and released. There was also“chaos of command”as officers often received conflicting orders from their superiors. Chaleff and his team found that LAPD had lost nearly half of its senior command staff between 2018 and 2020, leaving it without leadership skilled in“public order policing,”as riot control is now called. The rank and file were also not properly trained in riot control techniques, including the“problematic”deployment of 40mm riot guns, as the dynamics of their use“dramatically change in a crowd control situation when the person engaging in the criminal behavior is not standing still.” The report cited a survey by the Los Angeles Police Protective League showing the department’s morale is close to rock bottom. More than 99 percent of officers do not feel supported by the mayor or the city council, while 86.33 percent do not feel supported by the LAPD leadership. The report made 67 recommendations to the city council,  but the chief among them was to create a high-level position of a“Strategic Emergency Manager”within the LAPD. This displeased blacklivesmatter activists, however, who called it undue criminalization of peaceful protests. What the report“doesn’t do is really critique the notion that LAPD should be putting down righteous protests in the first place,”Melina Abdullah, co-founder of BLM-LA, told the Los Angeles Times. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517883-lapd-george-floyd-riot-failure/
"11 Mar, 2021",Ex-Trumper & Hollywood outcast Stacey Dash is learning the hard way: apologies don t make up for a conservative scarlet letter,"The actress and former Fox News contributor, once a vocal supporter of the former president, has apologized for past controversial and conservative comments, but liberals are spitting on the attempted rebranding. is the author of the novel Nigh and journalist who covers art and culture. He has previously written for outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, and BizPac Review among others. Follow him on Twitter@WritingLeeman is the author of the novel Nigh and journalist who covers art and culture. He has previously written for outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, and BizPac Review among others. Follow him on Twitter@WritingLeeman If one knows the name Stacey Dash, it’s either through memories of hit films like ‘Clueless’ or the almost-always controversial appearances she made on Fox News from 2014 to 2016, during which time the Hollywood starlet revealed herself to be an unapologetic conservative. Dash triggered liberals for criticizing everything from blacklivesmatter to transgender bathrooms. She was even brieflysuspendedfrom Fox in 2015 for vulgarly referring to Barack Obama (saying he""didn’t give a s**t""about fighting terrorism). The actress was also an early and consistent supporter of Trump, and described her journey to right-leaning politics in a 2016 book titled, ‘There Goes My Social Life: From Clueless to Conservative.’ All of that is in the past though, according to Dash. Appearing on DailyMailTV this week, the actress attempted to reconcile her political past, distancing herself from both Fox News and Trump. “I ve lived my life being angry, which is what I was on Fox News. I was the angry, conservative, black woman. And at that time in my life it was who I was,”she said, adding that she would“never work for Fox”or any other news network today. She also revealed she was“done”with Trump after the January 6 US Capitol riot. “Being a supporter of Trump has put me in some kind of box that I don t belong in. But he not the president. I m going to give the president that we have right now a chance,”she said. The ‘Mo’ Money’ star, who was previously blasted by some of her peers for her views, claimed she is now a person of“empathy”and“compassion.” “There are things that I am sorry for. Things that I did say, that I should not have said them the way I said them. They were very arrogant and prideful and angry. And that who Stacey was, but that not who Stacey is now,”Dash said. While one would think a Trump supporter begging for forgiveness from the liberal culture at large would be catnip to the left and something they could capitalize on, one look at social media shows that Dash’s critics have zero interest in embracing the star and instead are disparaging her for daring to try and get back in their good graces. “Stacey Dash wants to be invited back to the cookout,”a headline from News Oneread. Others on social media also used the“cookout”as a reference and even got “#BlackTwitter” trending as different users took turns sharing memes and messages mocking Dash – with somegettingdownright racist. I m sorry, Stacey Dash... You are NOT invited back to the cookout.pic.twitter.com/8Ld3wdFzRN Breaking! Stacey Dash is apologizing. Maybe Omarosa can give her tips on where to go on the apology tour. They always wanna come back home, dont they? This part, “I was the angry, conservative, Black woman. I made alot of mistakes cuz of that anger."" 😐https://t.co/qCBgD67J9Fpic.twitter.com/XFa4aKFpOu Me seeing Stacey Dash trending and thinking y’all went soft and took her back.pic.twitter.com/VlZIBNDr5m Stacey Dash when Trump was president vs Stacey Dash nowpic.twitter.com/4s77F4r7vg The truth is if Dash had gone through her ‘aha’ moment while Trump was still in office, this rebranding actually may have worked – at least temporarily. Just look at the Trump-hating Republicans behind the Lincoln Project. Controversies had swirled around the group ever since its inception over its fundraising and the past personal views and comments made by many involved, but it wasn’t until Biden was taking office that these pesky Republicans suddenly had a negative light shined on them by the mainstream media – all kicked off by a John Weaver sex scandal that still took many mainstream outlets days to even takenotice of. Even then, however, you lose value as a token ‘conservative’ once there is no use for you. Look at Van Jones’ fiery interview on ‘The View’ this year. After spending years shedding tears on CNN and blasting Trump publicly, Jones was stilladmonishedfor daring to ever say anything positive about the man. Dash is now going to learn the hard way: these apology tours don’t work. Being branded a conservative or even just ‘not liberal’ in today’s culture is a scarlet letter you carry everywhere. The collective response to her ‘apology’ is just the latest proof that there is no path to forgiveness from liberals. Once you leave the tribe, you’re out, shunned, gone for good. Whether Dash is sincere in her comments or not, she will quickly learn it’s a long road to get any acceptance from the left when you have broken from their ranks, especially as an artist, and you will never be fully re-embraced. Dash revealed in her interview that her acting career has struggled since she came out as conservative and a Trump supporter, which should not come as a surprise, and her upcoming work suggests liberal Hollywood is still treating her as an outcast. She is starring in the upcoming right-leaning abortion drama ‘Roe v Wade,’ which comes out April 2 and stars other conservative performers like Jon Voight, as well as the Western ‘Corsicana,’ which is being directed by Isaiah Washington, another Trump-supporting actor who has been open about backlash within the industry for daring to have opinions that break from liberal groupthink. Dash’s apology being accepted would require a middle-ground in today’s culture, but middle-grounds have been exchanged for chasms between political tribes, and the continued attacks on her just prove those chasms are going nowhere, even with Joe“Unity”Biden as president. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517875-stacey-dash-apology-donald-trump/
"11 Mar, 2021",UK police urged to ‘think very carefully’ before participating in BLM protests – report,"A report by the UK’s independent police watchdog has warned the nation’s police to consider their actions before engaging with protestors during demonstrations by taking a knee, skateboarding or dancing with activists. The warning from Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) came in a report commissioned by the Home Secretary after 2020 saw protests from a number of groups on the streets of the UK. Thereportexamined how police handled the protests – including how they engaged with activists on the ground.“We inspected 10 police forces with recent experience of policing protests and consulted a wide range of other bodies, including protest groups and – through a survey of over 2000 people – the general public,”HMIC said of its research. The watchdog recommended that officers“think very carefully before they take any actions which may be interpreted as showing support for, or aversion towards, any protest”, stating that it would“rarely be appropriate”for them to do so while at work. The report highlighted one example where a police officer took the knee at a blacklivesmatter (BLM) protest, resulting in their colleagues facing abuse from activists around them until they were pressured into following suit. HMIC did outline how there could be some instances where it would be understandable for officers to engage with protestors in the“spur of the moment”if it helps with“diffusing tension at a protest”, but in general said officers should not make it a habit of it so as to avoid appearing to show support or opposition for any cause. In June 2020, footage shared on social media showed British police officers outside Downing Street joining protesters in taking a knee, a symbol of the BLM protest movement after it was done by American football player Colin Kaepernick. Similar videos of officers engaging with activists occurred in 2019 during Extinction Rebellion protests, with videos showing British cops dancing with demonstrators and even skateboarding with ",https://www.rt.com/uk/517855-uk-police-warned-participating-blm-protests/
"10 Mar, 2021","Bodyguards for me, none for thee? America’s ‘progressive’ legislators demand the security they want taken from their constituents","With the US Capitol building locked down like a military fortress and no end of this police-state model in sight, the hypocrisy of ‘defund the police’ types compared to their public personas becomes all too obvious. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram It seems they are riddled with lingering stress from that scary moment two months ago when a horde of unarmed demonstrators – mostly fans of then-president Donald Trump – demanded Congress “stop the steal” and thronged congressional offices. Not only were they allowed into the building while the House was debating whether to certify November’s election results, they were permitted to explore it almost completely on their own, grabbing a souvenir or two along the way, as Capitol police officers tasked with guarding the building appeared to stand down. While the chief of the Capitol force Steven Sund did resign in disgrace shortly after the raid, Congress wasn t done extracting pain-and-suffering demands from DC law enforcement. Just as the optimistic energy of former president Barack Obama’s campaign – with all its “hope” and “change” – was soon squelched under the shiny new boots worn by the president’s Citigroup-appointed cabinet and the determination of the political class to bail out Wall Street, the ascension of Joe Biden – stalwart of mediocrity and corporate-beloved moderate – fell away in just a few days to reveal a career politician whose twin favorite pastimes seem to be making war and making women uncomfortable. The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act passed the House almost unanimously last week, not only banning chokeholds but also the practice of “qualified immunity,” which typically prevents police from being arrested, let alone indicted or jailed, should they kill or maim someone while on duty.The bill also seeks to impose a national policing standard designed to boost the accountability that remains lacking. Despite the arrival of body cameras and other equipment intended to counter criticism that police forces – especially those in urban areas – are being permitted to run roughshod over Americans’ civil liberties, the level of cartoonish violence often seen on US streets has not noticeably improved. That’s not all, however. On Monday, retired Army Lt. Gen. Russel Honoré filed a report that found Capitol Police to be too “understaffed, insufficiently equipped, and inadequately trained” – to say nothing of being “woefully lacking in intelligence capabilities.” Far from going with the “less is more” approach supposedly favored by defunding enthusiasts, the retired officer called for an extra 854 Capitol Police appointees alone. The unit’s new police director, Yogananda Pittman, has already put in a request for a 21 percent personnel addition, displeasing high-level Republicans like California Rep. and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who accused House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of “turning the Capitol into a fortress,” while the usual “defund the police” suspects like New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez politely followed evacuation orders, only later deciding they’d feared for their lives,attemptingto have their police-brutality cake and eat it too. With the federal area of Washington DC staked out as a terror warning zone through April, it certainly does seem like a fortress, with mammoth curls of barbed wire sitting on top of the fence. And that security theatre isn’t going anywhere, either – not when Honoré observed the police need to be able to take “immediate action and appropriations where appropriate [sic].” The Lt. Gen. had plenty of ideas for beefing up security in a manner no civilian would be able to emulate. Describing a “retractable fencing system” to be permanently established around the Capitol and Congressional offices, he also called for more comprehensive camera coverage and an integrated permit system for accessing different parts of the buildings. Never mind that none of this should be necessary, given that the Capitol Police charged with monitoring the buildings or apprehending unauthorized individuals simply opted to let them through on January 6. There’s no accounting for human error, especially if – as some have suggested – the decision to hold back the Capitol Police and let the Trump fans do (comparatively little) damage inside was even an error at all. With Biden and Kamala Harris rolling up their sleeves to go after the Second Amendment, which guarantees the right to keep and bear arms, it would be all but impossible to secure a vote in favor of gun control unless the populace had been negatively primed for the issue – say, by being told about the “armed insurrection” taking place at the White House, for example, or reminded of school shooting victims via creepy holograms. With the First Amendment and its guarantee of free speech stuffed into the epistemological paper-shredder, and the Fourth Amendment’s rights to be free of unlawful search and seizure having been trampled into the ground by botched police raid after botched police raid, there are just a few rights left to be shredded. But not for Congress, of course. That would just be weird. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517718-defund-police-hypocrisy-capitol-raid/
"9 Mar, 2021","Not so Whitty: Dr Doom Chris warns of another ‘surge’ in Covid cases, but is it all about preparing us for yet another lockdown?","The UK’s Chief Medical Officer is warning of a third wave of Covid in late summer if restrictions are eased too swiftly. But are the fears realistic, given the significant falls in Covid cases and deaths? is a journalist, writer, broadcaster and blogger. His award winning blog can be found at www.neilclark66.blogspot.com. He tweets on politics and world affairs@NeilClark66 is a journalist, writer, broadcaster and blogger. His award winning blog can be found at www.neilclark66.blogspot.com. He tweets on politics and world affairs@NeilClark66 They call him Dr Doom. And today – as on many other days – it‘s not hard to see why. Almost all the news on the Covid front is good. Cases (so defined) are down from 60,000 a day in January to less than 5,000, the lowest level since September. Deaths within 28 days of a positive test have plummeted, too – from 1,631 on January 26 to just 65 announced on Monday – with just three deaths for the whole of Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Surely, given the encouraging stats, it’s time for the government to rethink its tortoise-paced ‘Road Map’ and bring forward the dates for the lifting of restrictions? Step forward, Professor Chris Whitty. If there’s ever a man who deserves the epithet ‘Party Pooper,’ it’s the totally misnamed Chief Medical Officer. Because there is nothing remotely witty about him. Whenever the news about Covid is really good, ole black eyes is there to tell us that bad times are just around the corner. “All the modelling suggests” there’ll be a new surge of Covid in 2021, possibly in “late summer,” he told MPs who had quizzed him about a modellingforecastfrom the University of Warwick and Imperial College, that there could be at least30,000 moredeaths from Covid as/when restrictions are eased. While a speedy reopening would mean “more deaths,” Whitty said that opening up in a “steady way” would still be dangerous. “What we are going to see is, as things are opening up, what all the modelling suggests is that at some point we will get a surge in virus,” he predicted. “It is really important that we do not give any impression that what we are expecting is this just goes away and there is no further deaths.” Thanks, Chris. There were millions of Brits looking forward to the end of lockdown and the possibility of life being able to return to normal. Yet here we are, still in winter, and you’re already warning us of what ‘might’ happen in late summer and next autumn/winter. Based on ‘modelling.’ That will work wonders for the nation’s mental health – already close to breaking point – won’t it? Professor not-so-Whitty could have come out today and stressed the positives. But instead he chose to destroy the hope that people – fed up after a year of restrictions – are clinging to. That really is unforgivable. Vaccines? The CMO, having encouraged people to get the jab, and praising the vaccine roll-out as “hugely successful,” also says that the future “surge” in the virus could claim those for whom the vaccine won’t work. He and the government’s chief scientific officer Sir Patrick Vallance have made it clear that mass vaccination won’t get rid of the virus. So why then is the government talking about the introduction of  vaccine passports? The official narrative has more holes in it than a large slab of Swiss cheese. Where is the little boy with the bravery to cry ‘The Emperor has no clothes’? The ‘prepare for a third wave’ mission –  which went into overdrive today  – appears to be two-fold. The first is to soften us up psychologically for the return of  a full national lockdown in autumn/winter. As the writer Laura Dodsworth pointed out on Twitter, the prediction of another surge is what’s known as ‘seeding.’ This prediction of a surge is what known as seeding . The government are planting the seed of an idea in order to mentally prepare you for autumn/winter lockdown. But, if you were paying attention, the extension of furlough already did that.https://t.co/2xWmwPncCU We saw the same thing happen last year with the predictions about the “inevitability” of a “second wave.” The strongest hint yet that life will not be allowed to return to the ‘old normal’ in the summer, despite the government’s road map, is the Chancellor’s extension of the furlough scheme until the end of September. That brings us nicely up to the return of the autumn/winter colds/flu season and all you really have to do then is to ramp up testing and seasonal factors will do the rest. Hey presto, you have your new lockdown to take you into 2022. But even if the government gets cold feet and doesn’t lockdown again in the autumn, warning of one can still have its advantages. By raising the prospects of another depressing shutdown, the public are more likely to accept the maintenance of other restrictions, such as social distancing and mandatory masks, into another winter.  Also, if virus ‘cases’ do increase, (either genuinely or through increased testing and misclassification) the government can always say ‘we warned you!’ and blame Joe Public. The Covid ’control the proles’ show, which began, lest we forget, with ’three weeks to flatten the curve’ all of twelve months ago, is quite clearly meant to run and run. It’s not so much that the goalposts have been moved, they’ve been taken off the pitch altogether and dumped into the ocean. Here we are, still in one lockdown and being put on notice of another. Herd immunity? No, it seems we can never achieve that, no matter how many are vaccinated. And of course there’ll always be ‘new variants’ to come along, to keep the fear going. Meanwhile, outside of Britain it’s a very different story in a large number of countries. In Russia, people are back enjoying live theatre performances. In Croatia, Serbia and other Balkan countries they’re sitting in cafes enjoying warm, sunny weather. In Belarus, the so-called ‘last dictatorship in Europe’ they never locked down at all and life has continued as normal. Florida is open for business – and fun – as are many other US states. Aren’t we lucky in Britain to have Professor Chris Whitty to spread his message of doom and gloom and keep everyone fearful and depressed? Heaven knows where we’d be without him. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517656-whitty-chris-covid-surge-lockdown/
"9 Mar, 2021",Piers Morgan CANCELED: Good Morning Britain host quits ITV after storming off set during show on Meghan Markle,"Contrarian TV host Piers Morgan will no longer host ITV’s ‘Good Morning Britain,’ the network has announced. Morgan’s eight-year stint on the show ended after he trashed Meghan Markle and stormed off the set. “Following discussions with ITV, Piers Morgan has decided now is the time to leave Good Morning Britain,”read a statement from ITV on Tuesday.“ITV has accepted this decision and has nothing further to add,”the statement concluded. Morgan’s departure comes after he was mocked, derided, and urged to resign by viewers for storming off the set of the show on Tuesday morning, a day after he launched into a tirade against Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex and wife of Prince Harry. During Monday’s diatribe, Morgan said that he doesn’t“believe a word”that Markle said about contemplating suicide during an interview with Oprah Winfrey on Sunday, which he described as“contemptible … bilge.” Co-presenter Alex Beresford objected on Tuesday to how Morgan“continues to trash”Markle, and asked him if he had a personal grudge against her. Morgan stood up, announced“OK, I’m done with this, sorry, no, can’t do this,”and walked off the set. While it is unclear whether ITV bosses put Morgan under pressure to resign, his performance on Monday triggered a public outcry, with British media regulator OFCOM receiving more than 41,000 complaints by Tuesday afternoon. The watchdog announced that it had launched an investigation into Morgan’s comments. Morgan is no stranger to controversy, and ‘Good Morning Britain’ was the UK’s most complained-about programme last year, after it came under fire for a segment showing support for the blacklivesmatter movement. Morgan himself has frequently drawn scorn from all sides of the political spectrum. His hardline pro-lockdown comments during the coronavirus pandemic, for example, infuriated the anti-restrictions crowd, and right-wingers were enraged when he apparently ignored his own words andencouragedhis son to attend a BLM protest last Summer. As news of Morgan’s split with ITV broke, commentators and pundits who attacked the contrarian host for his comments celebrated. Piers Morgan is many things that are repugnant in our world & I’m glad to hear he’s leaving Good Morning Britain. That was way too big a platform for such a toxic & clearly screwed up individual to be influencing millions of people. Children were watching that crap before school. Meghan Markle and Oprah eating up all the racists this week. Latest lunch? Piers Morgan. Keep going. The best part of Piers Morgan getting axed is that this is the last image you will see of him. Just another bully running away when stood up to.pic.twitter.com/hJARrD7c5b Amid the discussion, Morgan’s own long-time Twitter bio offered a fitting epitaph to his career on ‘Good Morning Britain’:“One day you re cock of the walk, the next a feather duster.” ",https://www.rt.com/uk/517650-piers-morgan-quits-gmb-meghan-markle/
"9 Mar, 2021",Piers Morgan skeptical response to Megan Markle suicidal claims investigated by Ofcom after getting 41k complaints,"The UK media watchdog Ofcom has launched an inquiry into an episode of a morning news show in which anchor Piers Morgan said he doubted explosive claims made in Prince Harry and Meghan Markle recent interview with Oprah Winfrey. Ofcom said by 2pm GMT on Tuesday it had received 41,015 complaints about an episode of ITV Good Morning Britain (GMB) just a day earlier, in which Morgan said he didn t""believe a word""the Duchess of Sussex said during the tell-all interview. ""We have launched an investigation into Monday episode of Good Morning Britain under our harm and offence rules,""the watchdog said in a statement. ITV announced on Tuesday afternoon that Morgan had chosen to leave GMB after presenting the show for five years. “Following discussions with ITV, Piers Morgan has decided now is the time to leave Good Morning Britain,”the broadcaster said, adding that it had accepted his decision. Morgan, a TV personality and former journalist, sparked an immense backlash on social media by saying he doubted the claims Markle made in her bombshell interview, broadcast on CBS in the US on Sunday night and on the UK ITV on Monday. In the Oprah interview, Markle and her husband Harry claimed that the British royal family treatment of her made her feel suicidal and that a senior royal had asked how dark her then-unborn baby son skin might be. GMB co-presenter Morgan aired his views about the interview again on the programme on Tuesday as he sought to clarify his comments regarding the suicide claims made by Markle. He said his stated disbelief of her comments was""all-encompassing""and that any claims of mental illness and suicide are""extremely serious things""and should be treated as such, adding that people should have access to help if they need it. Buckingham Palace, which does not usually comment on Royal scandals, on Tuesday issued a short statement responding to claims made during the Oprah interview, saying that the royal family is""saddened""by the allegations. It said the""concerning""claims about race should be taken""seriously""and added:""Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved family members."" The 41,000 complaints directed at Morgan comments on GMB are far more than the 31,000 Ofcom received about reality show Britain Got Talent in 2020. The show was the UK most complained-about programme last year after it came under fire for a segment showing support for the blacklivesmatter movement. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/517646-piers-morgan-ofcom-meghan-harry/
"9 Mar, 2021",Unilever bans use of word ‘normal’ from personal-care products to be more ‘inclusive’,"Unilever, the multi-billion-dollar company that owns brands such as Dove and Sure, has announced it will be dropping use of the word “normal” from products, and toning down its photo editing to be more inclusive of its customers. In astatementon Tuesday, Unilever revealed that its brands would be“removing the word ‘normal’ from advertising and packaging”after 70 percent of people in a survey said the word had a negative effect and the beauty industry needed to be more inclusive. Unilever President of Beauty & Personal Care Sunny Jain added in his own statement that the company was“committed to tackling harmful norms and stereotypes, and shaping a broader, far more inclusive definition of beauty.” “We know that removing ‘normal’ from our products and packaging will not fix the problem alone, but it is an important step forward,”he declared. Here’s to saying NO to normal, and#YESToPositiveBeauty💁‍♀‍@Unileveris removing the word normal from all of its beauty packaging 🙏 This is the first step towards a more#Inclusiveindustry, and I can’t wait to see what’s next!#Unstereotypehttps://t.co/CB0ab1Munmpic.twitter.com/DM50lwhOaD Unilever is also set tocut downon its editing of photos over the next year, prohibiting“all digital alterations to body shape, size, proportion and skin colour”in TV commercials, print advertising, and product images. Many social media userscelebratedUnilever’s decision,callingit a“brilliant stance”and a“wonderful leap forward,”but others accused the company of making a cheap PR statement andwonderedhow else its brands would now“describe non-oily, non-dry, non-combination, non-sensitive skin”on its skincare product packaging, if not as“normal.” Last year, Unilever competitor Johnson & Johnson received positive press after announcing it would no longer sell the skin-whitening creams that have been common in Asia and other parts of the world. A week later, French personal-care company L’Oréal announced it would drop words such as“white,”“fair,”and“light”from its branding, following blacklivesmatter protests. ",https://www.rt.com/business/517614-unilever-bans-normal-inclusive/
"8 Mar, 2021",LeBron James accused of ‘wishy-washy’ vaccine stance as he refuses to say if he will get Covid jab,"NBA great LeBron James has been branded a coward by some fans online after refusing to say whether he will take the Covid-19 vaccine, though others have defended the Los Angeles Lakers superstar stance. James spoke on the matter during a wide-ranging interview on Sunday as part of the NBA All-Star Weekend festivities, telling the radio host that he managed to steer clear of the virus by following league protocols to the letter. He said that he immediately went home after every game or practice to limit the chances he may be exposed to Covid – but refused to be drawn into a debate as to whether or not he would consider taking one of the vaccines once it becomes available to him, or whether he would encourage members of the NBA Players Association to take a vaccine en masse. ""My hunch is that most players ultimately will choose to get vaccinated. They have to make personal decisions at the end of the day,"" James said, but added that his own personal medical choices are to be discussed among his family and not in public. ""That a conversation that, you know, my family and I will have. And, probably pretty much keep that to a private thing,"" he said. Considering he gives his opinion on everything it seems like an odd time to be quiet. But I agree with you. I literally do not make an important decision until I find out what the celebrities think about it. If he does or doesn t want to get vaccinated is none of our business. He doesn t owe any of you and explanation. Worry about NBA Commissioner Adam Silver stated recently that a decision on whether or not to accept the Coronavirus vaccine will be left up to the players, however some have noted that LeBron hesitancy could lead to further reluctance among the general public to take the vaccine. ""...In the African American community, there been enormously disparate impact from Covid... but now, somewhat perversely, there been enormous resistance [to vaccinations] in the African American community for understandable historical reasons,""Silver said recently. Health experts have said that a widespread acceptance of the vaccine will likely lead to herd immunity to the virus being achieved – a key step in eradicating, or at least severely limiting, the impact that Covid-19 has had on global society for the last 12 months. Bro, it’s not LeBron’s job to explain to people that they should be vaccinated. Folks have to stop with this line of thinking. HE COULDNT DELIVER OHIO TO HRC! But he’s going to convince America to be vaccinated? Stop with this crap manhttps://t.co/Ly25rCrha1 What??!Popovich, Bill Russell and Kareem publicly urge people to get vaccinated, but for LeBron this important public health issue is suddendly a private matter? Even though he said that he will continue to talk about politics.pic.twitter.com/tHwyVMjxIH Further weight is added to the debate by a growing distrust of vaccinations amongst the African-American community linked to historical atrocities placed upon the United States black community – with some experts claiming that an endorsement of the vaccine from someone who commands the level of respect that LeBron James does could help lead to more vaccines being administered, and therefore more lives being saved. However, James right to not be forced to discuss his medical choices in public should be assured – even if some prominent members of the African-American community in the United States have begun a vaccination drive. Basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich are among the the sport key names who have lent their support to vaccine campaigns – but it seems, for now at least, they they won t be joined by the sport biggest star. In the past year, more than 29 million Americans have contracted Covid-19, leading to more than 525,000 deaths. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/517493-lebron-james-nba-vaccine-stance/
"8 Mar, 2021",WATCH: Minneapolis battens down the hatches with extreme security ahead of trial of George Floyd’s alleged killer,"Authorities in Minneapolis have erected steel fencing, barbed wire and concrete barricades outside the city’s courthouse and local police stations ahead of the Derek Chauvin trial, set to begin Monday. The former police officer will stand trial for the May 25 killing of George Floyd in an incident which rocked the US to its core and triggered months of unrest and billions of dollar’s worth of damage. An estimated 15 million to 26 million people participated in blacklivesmatter protests in the US in the aftermath of Floyd death. Armored personnel carriers have been deployed and local Minneapolis police stations have all been fortified in anticipation of further protests as Chauvin trial is set to commence with jury selection. The proceedings are expected to last two months, and preparations for the trial have been ongoing for the past seven months. Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo and local government officials have developed a plan, dubbed“Operation Safety Net,”designed to avoid a return to the violence which swept the country in summer 2020 and saw buildings burned, widespread vandalism, looting and numerous deaths. The stated aims of the operation are the prevention of crime and damage to property and the protection of the First Amendment right to protest and peaceful assembly. Minneapolis City Council President Lisa Binder claimed that“law enforcement escalated”the violence last summer and“created the conditions for folks to come from outside our community to cause more harm.” “I don t think that we can police ourselves out of police violence,”she added. Ben Crump, an attorney who represents the Floyd family, cited onereportby the US Crisis Project, which found that 95 percent of the roughly 10,600 blacklivesmatter protests between Floyd death in late May and August 22 were peaceful. “This will be a referendum on whether police are held accountable for killing black people in America in 2021,”Crump said, adding that the Floyd family expects Chauvin to be convicted of“torturing George Floyd to death.” However, according to a report by the City Assessor’s Office, the estimated damage caused by the unrest in Minneapolis alone is between $250 million and $350 million. Meanwhile, areportby Verisk Property Claims Service issued in November estimated the total cost of the national unrest in the wake of George Floyd death as surpassing $2 billion, the most since such records began. For context, the PCS estimates the insured losses caused by the Rodney King riots in 1992 at $775 million. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517487-minneapolis-preparations-derek-chauvin-trial/
"7 Mar, 2021",New York Times mocked for attempting to downplay 2020 BLM protest violence as ‘misinformation’,"The New York Times has been lambasted online for bizarrely claiming that violence surrounding blacklivesmatter protests in 2020 was merely “misinformation” and likening it to Deep State conspiracy theories. The Gray Lady’s Jennifer Medina sought to unravel the mystery behind Latinos in the US voting Republican, in a Fridayarticletitled:“A Vexing Question for Democrats: What Drives Latino Men to Republicans?” Medina teased out the motivations of Latino Republicans through a series of interviews, before attempting to conflate the notion that the “deep state” had taken over the government during the Trump administration or that“ blacklivesmatter protests caused widespread violence,”dismissing both ideas as “misinformation” within the same breath. “Some of the frustrations voiced by Hispanic Republican men are stoked by misinformation, including conspiracy theories claiming that the deep state took over during the Trump administration and a belief that blacklivesmatter protests caused widespread violence.” Needless to say, the ever-watchful eye of Twitter did not let this claim about widespread violence slide. One Twitter user was blunt in his analysis:“The New York Times is lying.” The New York Times is lying.pic.twitter.com/3w1AP02B1Q Others criticized the ‘paper of record’ for using weasel words to detract from the gravity and scale of the violence witnessed throughout the BLM protests across the US in 2020. Has anybody noticed that the lying media slips in the weasel word “widespread” whenever it wants to hand you a bunch of bullshit? Widespread can mean anything, so no matter how much looting and rioting were done by BLM, the NYTs will say it wasn’t enough to be “widespread.” According toForbes, between George Floyd’s death at the hands of the Minneapolis police department on May 25 and June 8, 2020, at least 19 people died during the protests. There were many injuries and hospitalizations on both sides of the security barricades throughout the protests and riots which took place across the US in 2020. Six officers werereportedlybadly injured in just one 24-hour period of the Seattle riots in 2020. According to onestudy,“115 people were shot in the neck or head between May 26 and July 27”by police-fired Kinetic Impact Projectiles (KIPs). Others highlighted the slew of businesses that were damaged or destroyed during the BLM protests down the street from the NYT. All.of the smal business across Manhattan that were destroyed need to send them the bill NYT... your own political commissar BRAGGED about it.pic.twitter.com/PlZyKlTwFN Others still drew a comparison between the NYT’s attempt to pull a fast one and the now-infamous line from MSNBC’s coverage of the riots. Still my fav.https://t.co/8ncdnDz2Fz ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517458-nyt-claims-blm-violence-misinformation/
Skipped,Skipped,"Ending homelessness is a real possibility but the capitalists who run our system refuse to solve a problem whose existence boosts their profits. Lee Camp dives into the problem of homelessness in the US in the 21st century. Camp also goes over the opening of Joe Biden’s presidency, and provides an update on the assassination of Malcolm X. Naomi Karavani reports on price gouging in the energy industry, which was highlighted during the recent snow storm. Texas energy companies raised prices on Texans while the power grid was failing and people were freezing. But they aren’t the only energy company guilty of price gouging while their customers suffer, and with climate change intensifying, big business is looking for more profit-making opportunities. Natalie McGill takes on a doomed voting rights act passed in the House, a new study on cities that saw blacklivesmatter protests last summer, and more. ",https://www.rt.com/podcast/517277-homelessness-malcolmx-texas-energy/
"6 Mar, 2021","How to end homelessness, Malcolm X assassination update, energy industry price gouging","Ending homelessness is a real possibility but the capitalists who run our system refuse to solve a problem whose existence boosts their profits. Lee Camp dives into the problem of homelessness in the US in the 21st century. Camp also goes over the opening of Joe Biden’s presidency, and provides an update on the assassination of Malcolm X. Naomi Karavani reports on price gouging in the energy industry, which was highlighted during the recent snow storm. Texas energy companies raised prices on Texans while the power grid was failing and people were freezing. But they aren’t the only energy company guilty of price gouging while their customers suffer, and with climate change intensifying, big business is looking for more profit-making opportunities. Natalie McGill takes on a doomed voting rights act passed in the House, a new study on cities that saw blacklivesmatter protests last summer, and more. YOUTUBEChannelRedacted Tonight LIKERedacted Tonight atwww.Facebook.com/RedactedTonight FOLLOWRedacted Tonight at@RedactedTonightand@LeeCamp PODCASThttps://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/redacted-tonight-1 ",https://www.rt.com/shows/redacted-tonight-summary/517332-homelessness-malcolmx-texas-energy/
"6 Mar, 2021","BLM backfire? US public opinion shifts on George Floyd death, law & order, as racial divide widens after summer of riots – poll","US public opinion on the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis police custody has shifted since the early days of last year blacklivesmatter protests, with trust in law enforcement growing after violent unrest in the streets. Just 36 percent of respondents in a USA Today/Ipsospollreleased on Friday described Floyd death as murder, down from 60 percent last June. The racial divide in how the May 25 tragedy is viewed is startling, with 64 percent of black poll participants and just 28 percent of whites saying Floyd was murdered. The 24-point plunge in public confidence that Floyd was murdered comes to light just three days before Derek Chauvin, the police officer who was shown on video kneeling on Floyd neck, is scheduled to go to trial on murder and manslaughter charges. The shift came amid a decline in the BLM movement credibility and rising trust of law enforcement, and both of those trends coincided with riots across the nation. Public trust in BLM has dropped to 50 percent this month from 60 percent last June, the poll showed. Just 42 percent of white respondents said they trusted BLM. Trust in police and local law enforcement swung conversely, rising to 69 percent, including 77 percent of whites and 42 percent of blacks. But while the racial divide is wide, public opinion has shifted against BLM among both white and black Americans. According to the poll, trust in BLM has dropped 12 percentage points among black people since last June, while trust in the police has jumped 14 points. The percentage of white people who trust BLM fell by eight points, while their trust in police rose 12 points. Along the same lines, Americans were about equally divided on the relative importance of protest rights and law and order last June. At the time, 45 percent said ensuring law and order was more important, and 44 percent said the right to protest is more vital. In the latest poll, 49 percent of respondents favored law and order, while 31 percent said protest rights were more important. The racial divide was evident on that question, too, with whites favoring law and order and blacks prioritizing protest rights. One point on which everyone agreed was the deterioration of race relations in the country. Forty percent of respondents said race relations have worsened, while just 13 percent said they have improved. Among blacks, 54 percent said race relations have gotten worse, and only 10 percent saw improvement. Despite the wide variance in opinions on the cause of Floyd death and support for law enforcement, 60 percent of Americans want to see Chauvin convicted, including 54 percent of white respondents and 76 percent of blacks. That agreement remains despite increasing numbers of Americans believing that Floyd died as a result of police negligence or by accident. Defense lawyers for the officer havearguedthat Floyd died from an overdose of fentanyl and methamphetamine, as well as heart disease. He told officers,“I can t breathe”as they tried to put him in a squad car, which was before he was pinned on the pavement. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517376-blm-public-opinion-poll/
"5 Mar, 2021","If you’ll miss lockdown when it’s over, you need to get out more. It’s going to be a wake-up call for the whole world","A new poll has found that most people in the UK will miss some aspects of lockdown. Are they serious? After more than a year cooped up, we should embrace freedom – especially as it will present unique opportunities for change. ByCharlie Stone,author and journalist who has worked for the BBC, several national newspapers in the UK and international media. I don’t mean to be rude, but if lockdown really is your idea of ‘fun’, maybe, just maybe, when it’s finally all over, you need to get a life? Some people like to be indoors. Some people are at their absolute happiest alone on their own sofa with the TV remote control in one hand and a fat slice of microwave pizza in the other. How else can we explain the YouGovsurveythat found 55 percent of Brits aregoing to misssome elements of lockdown? Over half of Britons (55%) say they will miss aspects of lockdown when it is overhttps://t.co/bRZRzvANHfpic.twitter.com/cD1xP39MQs But what happens when you’ve seen everything Netflix and HBO and Disney+ have to offer? You might have to turn to the BBC or ITV or, God forbid, sit through the often unhinged hysteria on CNN (man, oh man, they’re STILL obsessing over Donald Trump). But that won’t last long, either. There’s never anything on. I’ve had a flick through myself already. Many times. This has been going on, pretty much, for a year now after all. I get it, at least a little bit. Sometimes the virus and the lockdown can be the perfect excuse to get out of something that you simply didn’t want to do. Maybe you don’t much like the weekly visit to Auntie Dot in the care home, on account of her flatulence and extreme right-wing views. Okay. Work, too. Not having to go to the office and actually physically engage with some of those people that really stress you out. Especially the bosses, although those guys did give you the best lockdown dreams you’ve ever had – the ones where you’re Vlad the Impaler and you get to see them slowly sink to the bottom of a tall spike to join their own entrails. Or is that just me? Not seeing folk that you truly dislike – even hate – can be truly liberating. At some point, though, my ever-fattening friends, you have to emerge blinking and staggering out into the light. The human species wasn’t built to stay forever in a cave, and even bats don’t live there on their own; they gather by the tens of thousands. So, it’s not that safe in there, particularly when you think about all that chat about bats being where this new coronavirus came from in the first place… Just like bats, even when humans actually did live in caves, we didn’t live alone. The human species is tribal; cities are merely an extension of what we already were anyway. We just added glass and concrete and electricity cables and WiFi and flushing toilets to something for which we already felt the need. Maybe the lockdown, for many people, has been a wake-up call. So, if you really are going to miss it, if you genuinely do want to spend your entire life alone on that sofa… well, maybe you need to do a little bit of a reassessment. When all this is over, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to build something new. Go and join a club. Play poker. Play golf. Bowls. Tennis. Whatever, it doesn’t actually matter what you choose… you just need other members of the human tribe to do it alongside you. Why not try yoga? I’ve been able to do it during lockdown, and I’m utterly crap. But it’s fun and it’s approximately four bendy females to every non-bendy sweaty male – I like those odds, though I’m sure my lady classmates simply don’t even notice me (and really don’t care). I plan to persuade the owners to open a bar area, when it’s allowed. The ending of lockdown is, I am starting to genuinely believe, going to be a wake-up call to the whole world. Let me share a little anecdote, if I may. Lucky me, I live mostly in Barcelona. And a week or two into the first lockdown last spring, I actually sneaked up to one of the highest spots in town – a place called Montjuic. It’s where most of the facilities for the 1992 Olympics are, including the swimming pools, which are open to the public. It’s a real joy to pretend you’re an Olympic diver as you belly flop into the water with the entire cityscape as your backdrop. The Mediterranean is on one side, the mountains on the other. You should try it, when you’re allowed to fly here. Anyway, there were no cars on the road. No cruise or container ships leaving port spewing black smoke. There were no aircraft in the sky. I have been up there countless times but this time, I swear, it was like a punch to the solar plexus. Clean air, almost pure oxygen, filled my lungs and hit my blood stream. The sky was a crisp blue I have simply never seen before; the view seemed endless all the way up to the Costa Brava and on into France. And it was silent, utterly silent, aside from the birdsong, which was so loud I almost wanted to turn the sweeping and diving little buggers down. It was, to me, utterly indisputable that this is what the world is supposed to look like when we’re not spewing CO2 into the atmosphere. I hadn’t given it all that much thought before; climate change had always been someone else’s problem. But now it feels different, more imperative. And this was after only two or three weeks of emission control. In no time at all, the Earth was already dusting herself off and cleaning herself up. Anyway, my point. In November, world leaders will meet in Glasgow for the latestclimate change summit. And my guess is many of those stuffy old guys and boring old girls who rule over us and have the power to actually make change might have noticed this too. There’s no doubt that the pandemic will influence those discussions. There will be an urgency that would not have seemed so clear if 2020 and 2021 had been years like any others. Governments across the world have stumbled and, in Boris Johnson’s case, mumbled and bumbled, all the way through this Covid-19 crisis. But, guess what? Pretty soon, we will be free of it. Free and clear; the virus will be held back in the same way flu has been for ages. We’re winning. No, we have already won. We’re just waiting for the final whistle. We will be free to walk in the sunshine and see friends and family – enemies too. Won’t it be fun to actually punch one of these guys with a smile? The pandemic could prove to be the slap in the face we all needed, individually, and as a species. So, turn the TV off and start living, because there’s absolutely no excuse, really, for not wanting lockdown to end. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517351-brits-lockdown-end-survey/
"5 Mar, 2021","Wokeism has lost its mind when rape, pedophilia and murder are celebrated in ‘Lolita’ and Dr. Seuss is banned","Hypocrisy is coming to define the woke world as books that tout violence and sexual perversities, like Vladimir Nabokov’s ‘Lolita’, remain on the shelves, while alleged racially offensive kids’ works attract the censors. Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge It seems like just yesterday that the Western world was preaching to one billion Muslims that nothing would stop its cartoonists from scribbling caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed, even though such an act is strictly forbidden by the Koran. “Freedom of speech”was the battle cry heard throughout the land, soon to be replaced by“Je suis Charlie,”following a deadly attack at the offices of the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo that published the forbidden caricatures. Today, those very same Western defenders of artistic expression and free thought have cowered before the insane woke posse, declaring six Dr. Seuss illustration books guilty of“portray[ing] people in ways that are hurtful and wrong,”accordingto the website of Dr. Seuss Enterprises. Curious as to what the latest fuss was about, I decided to watch an audio version of one of these racist tracts, entitled If I Ran the Zoo (1950), after the children had gone to bed, of course. Without giving away the plot – especially since Dr. Seuss books are now selling likehotcakes, the predictable consequence of censorship – the story is centered on young Gerald McGrew who dreams of ways he would change the zoo. McGrew sets off on an adventure around the world to bring back the exotic wild beasts of Dr. Seuss’s hyperactive imagination. The first destination takes him to some Asian land, where we see a wild animal inside of a bamboo cage being carried aloft by three smiling Oriental-looking males. Perhaps the most offensive part of the scene shows young McGrew posing proudly atop the cage with a rifle at his side. The next stop on this young white boy’s racist romp is to the“African island of Yerka to bring back a tizzle-topped Tufted Mazurka.”Once again, McGrew is being assisted in his hunt by the local inhabitants, in this case two African natives sporting native dress. The boy even travels as far as Russia in search of the ‘Russian Palooski’, an exotic bird“whose headski is redski and belly is blueski.”A Cossack-looking guy complete with a gun, massive beard and an oversized fur cap is used to represent the Russians. The question I found myself asking after perusing this one sample of prohibited Seuss contraband is ‘when exactly did we become such unbearable prudes?’ I’m old enough to remember the day when mentioning the racial differences between people was acceptable across the social and political spectrum. In 1973, by way of example, then-Governor of California Ronald Reagan was treated to a ferociouscelebrity roastwhere the legendary comic Don Rickles poked fun at everyone – blacks, whites, even his own Jewish ethnicity. The audience roared in laughter and asked for more. Looking back on those less anxious days, America was a far happier and healthier place, willing to acknowledge – and even laugh – at the differences that separated its many diverse inhabitants. Indeed, it seems hard to imagine the survival of a fiercely multicultural society that is not allowed to mention its differences. Here’s a wild idea: What if we let people write whatever books they want, then let people decide what books they want to read, and then let those people read those books, and just leave it at that? Aside from intellectual immaturity, however, there is something really rotten at the heart of this new Dark Age that has settled upon the American mind, and that is the sheer hypocrisy of it all. That realization hit me after reading acommentaryin the New York Times on Vladimir Nabokov’s tour de force 1955 novel,Lolita, and how it has been able to avoid the cancel culture inquisition for so long. The author, Emily Mortimer, explains how readers could sympathize with the protagonist pedophile, Humbert Humbert, who is“hilariously self-aware and funny.”But surely it must take more than just a savage wit to excuse the most heinous of criminal acts, right? From here, Mortimer presents a curious case as to why the“moral police”have not come after Lolita with the same intensity as other comparably benign works, like Gone with the Wind, Merchant of Venice and Huckleberry Finn. “Lolita makes us see with the eyes of a man who is a pedophile, a rapist and a murderer, and that’s I think the essential reason it’s escaped … the moral police in the 60 years since it’s been published,”she explains. Yet that explanation falls short of the mark. After all, other books like Gone with the Wind also teach about a different sort of crime, that of racism, albeit unintentionally through the prism of a historical novel. Yet such books are now on the endangered species list. In any case, Mortimer wraps up her argument with a conclusion that almost knocked me clean out of my chair. “There is no escaping his awfulness, but we get inside his head and his heart,”Mortimer writes.“We end up not only empathizing with but also loving a murderer and the rapist of a young girl. And it feels really good. It feels like a deep relief. It feels exhilarating and paradoxically cleansing.” There are some things you just can’t un-read. That incredible statement goes a long way toward explaining the inherent problem with cancel culture, and that is its dangerous double standards. On the one hand, behaving like a local chapter of the Taliban, the woke mob is demanding the elimination of any works of art – even historic monuments in the public square – that have the slightest connection to“racism.”Even Coca-Cola ishectoringpeople to“be less white.”On the other hand, we are allowing our children to be led astray by the radical progressive teachings that have come to dominate Western academia and curriculum. Consider this paradox: at a time when US book publishers are handwringing over a cartoon image of Chinese and African tribesmen appearing inside of a Dr. Seuss book, public libraries are hosting Drag Queen Story Hour for young children. Is anyone questioning thecontentsof the books that the queens are reading, and what effect they may have on the minds of their highly impressionable audiences? Yes, some people do, but they run the risk of being banned from their social media platforms as a result of their efforts. Dr. Seuss is bad for kids -- but this is okay?pic.twitter.com/ZbSV9cXW71 Or what about the transgender movement, which hasdirectedmuch of its controversial message at the youth? Already a number of children and adolescents who made the fateful decision to“transition”to the opposite sex are waking up to the reality that they have made a terrible mistake. But once a person undergoes such an operation, complete with hormonal therapy, it is very difficult to go back. So where are the woke warriors to make sure these children are not led astray at the most confusing time of their life? Not only are they not to be found, but even the books that could have helped them make the right decision are being banned. Last month, for example, Amazondroppeda book by conservative scholar Ryan T. Anderson, When Harry Became Sally: Responding to the Transgender Moment, which discussed the many pitfalls of“transitioning”from one sex to another. So, while the woke warriors are worried that some people may feel“hurt”by some cartoon sketches in a Dr. Seuss book, thousands of children are being subjected to real and irreversible physical harm, the sort described by the literary titan Vladimir Nabokov. And as Joe Bidenrammedthrough an executive order giving transgender women (ie biological males) the right to compete in female sports, as well as use the bathroom and changing facility that corresponds to their“sexual identity,”the harm against women and children promises to continue. The fact that these issues – far more relevant than the myth of ‘systemic racism’ in America – are being met with a screaming silence by the radical progressives proves they are more interested in the political value of their work as opposed to any selfless humanitarianism. If they were, there’d be a corresponding #MeToo and Child Lives Matter movements for the troubled youth. As the master of the prose Vladimir Nabokov would have said with regard to this mounting American tragedy,“Look at this tangle of thorns.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517348-wokeism-lolita-dr-seuss/
"5 Mar, 2021",Brazilian MMA stunner Viana takes heat after posing with UFC star Covington – who branded fans from her homeland ‘filthy animals’,"Brazilian UFC strawweight beauty Polyana Viana has irked some fans from her homeland after being pictured in a cozy pose with men’s welterweight star Colby Covington – who once labeled Brazil a “dump”. Former welterweight interim champ Covington posted an image to Instagram of himself with Viana with his arm draped across her shoulder and the smiling pair touching each other’s knees. Viana is also wearing a T-shirt with Covington’s ‘Chaos’ fighting moniker written across the front. A post shared by colbycovington (@colbycovmma) The picture racked up more than 72,000 ‘likes’ in the space of just a few hours, with some fans complementing Covington on“the biggest W of his career.” “You finally found your queen of chaos?”asked another fan, while one gushed:“Future MMA power couple.” Viana herself responded to the image with three top emojis. Colby with a big fat Wpic.twitter.com/XsvEdKVjZr Others, however, were angered by the image and accused Viana of associating with a man who once branded fans in her homeland“filthy animals.” After defeating local favorite Demian Maia in Sao Paulo in October of 2017, Covington grabbed the mic to launch into a diatribe against the furious crowd, screaming:“Brazil, you’re a dump. All you filthy animals suck.” Covington escaped the cauldron of hatred as fans hurled objects at him, andlater claimedthat the incendiary remarks had been part a move to attract more attention as he was supposedly on the brink of being cut by the UFC. Some Brazilian fans clearly haven’t forgiven or forgotten, taking to the replies section to call out Viana. A post shared by Polyana Viana ♥ (@polyanaviana) “Such a shame, Poly,”wrote one fan angered by Viana’s decision to“give an idea to a guy like that.” ""Cant believe she’s with Colby after he called her country a dumpster and ripped on her ethnicity. Sh*t crazy man,""read another reply on Twitter. But others moved to quell any animosity, with one comment reading:“Lol, Brazilian people mad in comments. It her team u idiots wtf.” Cant believe she’s with colby after he called her country a dumpster and ripped on her ethnicity. Shit crazy man Cause that’s just an act, like a wwe wrestling character.Colby in real life is a decent dude with great work ethic.Look up some of the things he does for fans/people when he’s just being himself he’s really not a bad guy I thought you didn’t like Brazilians... 🙄 Viana can clearly handle herself, rising to global fame after she fought off a would-be mugger in her homeland back in January of 2019. On that occasion, UFC boss Dana White shared the damage dealt out by the 28-year-old Viana to the offender, adding the caption“#Badf***ingidea.” READ MORE: Dana White shares photo of man battered by fighter Polyana Viana after trying to rob her Viana boasts a 12-4 professional MMA record and was successful in her last trip to the UFC octagon, submitting Mallory Martin inside the first round of their contest at UFC 258 in February. Ever since his run-in with fans in Brazil, Covington has continued to cultivate his image as one of the UFC’s biggest trash talkers. The 33-year-old star enjoyed close relations with former US President Donald Trump and his family, championing the MAGA cause and visiting Trump at the White House. That support extended to Covington taking aim at Trump’s critics as well as the blacklivesmatter movement. His last contest with Tyron Woodley – which ended in a fifth-round TKO victory for Covington – was mired in fractious rhetoric such as Covington calling his opponent“a woke little b*tch.” A post shared by colbycovington (@colbycovmma) In recent weeks, Covington has reignited his feud with arch Trump opponent LeBron James, calling him a“Chinese finger puppet.” Covington has previously labeled James a“spineless coward”and has vowed to make him“eat the canvas”in the extremely unlikely event of a showdown between the pair. Covington is currently waiting on his next UFC assignment, although a contest with teammate-turned-foe Jorge Masvidal has been widely touted as a possibility. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/517298-colby-covington-polyana-viana/
"4 Mar, 2021",The curious case of Dr. Seuss shows that it’s getting ever more confusing deciding what’s racist – and what’s not – in the arts,"Is the cancellation of six Dr. Seuss books a legitimate step to address racism or cack-handed corporate virtue signalling? There are no easy answers when addressing what’s considered offensive and discriminatory in modern culture. David Matthewsis a writer whose work has appeared in The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday and the Observer, and on the BBC and Channel 4. He is the author of several books, including Voices of the Windrush Generation. Follow him on Twitter@mrdavematthews. If, like me, you’re an information geek and a semi-hypochondriac, one of the most fascinatingreadson the planet is the World Health Organization International Agency for Research on Cancer’s List of classifications by cancer sites with sufficient or limited evidence in humans, IARC Monographs Volumes 1–128a. While this intriguing little title doesn’t roll off the tongue, exactly, the pearls of wisdom and nuggets of informational gold contained within are priceless. For instance, who would’ve thunk that working nights can give you cancer? Or that carpentry and joinery are carcinogenic, or painting, for that matter? (I’m assuming the context here is decorating as opposed to water colours, but the detail is a little sketchy on this one.) We all know that smoking, boozing and pretty much anything else that’s fun is bound to give you cancer; but banging the hell out of an Ikea flatpack or doing up the spare room can kill you? C’mon. However, the geeks at the WHO know their onions, so if they’ve calculated that there’s enough of a statistical probability of something nasty happening to you based on a given activity, you should take their word for it until someone else says otherwise. That’s how science works. All of which makes me think that the WHO should publish a monograph along the lines of a “List of classifications by racist animations with sufficient or limited evidence in writers, illustrators and producers,” as it’s getting a little confusing as to which of my favourite cartoons are culturally toxic. Take Dr. Suess, for instance. I used to love reading my childrenThe Cat In The Hatat bedtime or watchingHow The Grinch Stole Christmaswith them. Part of the appeal of such books or films was their use of anthropomorphised characters, and their apparent lack of discernible racial, if not human, identity. Just like Winnie the Pooh, The Tiger Who Came to Tea, The Teletubbies or Shaun the Sheep, Dr. Seuss’s myriad titles trade on a core psychological trick of the trade: characters that are silly, cuddly and often animalistic, but have human traits, are easier for children to identify with emotionally, while said characters’ lack of ethnocentrism means, for publishers, producers and merchandisers, the world is their oyster. Basically, it’s far easier to hawk kids’ cartoons to a global audience using talking fluffy bunnies and jabbering space aliens with luminous green faces than dark brown ones. Even Peppa Pig is popular in territories where you’d think she’d be haram because pigs are race neutral. Well, sort of. The trouble with Dr. Seuss, however, is that behind all the wonderfully wacky weirdness and furry fun, there’s evidently a dark side to Theodor Seuss Geisel, creator of the eponymous publishing empire. “In Dr. Seuss’ books, we have a kind of sensibility which is oriented toward centering the white child and decentring everyone else,” said Ebony Thomas, a professor of children’s and young adult literature at the University of Pennsylvania. Speaking toNBC, theauthorof The Dark Fantastic: Race and the Imagination from Harry Potter to the Hunger Games effectively supported Dr. Seuss Enterprises’ (DSE) decision to cancel six of its six books, published between the 1930s and the late 1970s. “Dr. Seuss was shaped by a completely immersive white supremacist culture,” Thomas told NBC. “Even during that time, our ancestors and elders were protesting racist works and producing alternative stories for our children. How do we decide what endures and what doesn’t endure? It’s our responsibility to decide what kind of books to put in front of kids.” DSE has of course self-flagellated over the offending books, confessing that they “portray people in ways that are hurtful and wrong.” But as philosopher and cultural critic Dr. Isabel Millar pointed out, “All these little gestures don’t really change the power structures – they just make white people feel good about themselves for noticing [racism].” Indeed. Such corporate virtue signalling is a small price to pay and will barely, if at all dent DSE’s healthy bottom line. As Forbesreportedin 2019, “With books sold into 110+ countries in 45 languages as well as braille, and over $1 billion lifetime sales and 650 million books sold worldwide, DSE continues to expand the Dr. Seuss brand across a myriad of industries, creating new products for all ages to enjoy.” One can see how young, impressionable minds do need protecting from the likes of Dr. Evil – sorry, Dr. Seuss – and his racist buffoonery. But what about Chris Rock’s jive talking zebra, ‘Marty’ inMadagascaror Eddie Murphy’s ‘Donkey’ inShrek? Many have argued that, despite being voiced by black actors, these stars’ performances are racial stereotypes bordering on minstrelsy. Murphy has, to his credit, played with minstrelsy in a clever way. Back in 1984, his Saturday Night Live sketch,“White Like Me” saw the comedian don ‘whiteface’ for a mockumentary on racism in America. Everywhere he looked he found racism because… hey, it’s America, stupid! One of the few genuinely funny moments in SNL’s 45-year hit and miss history, Murphy’s whiteface, which he reprised four years later inComing to Americaraised serious questions regarding ‘cultural copyright’ and who has the ‘right’ to lampoon who – questions that go right back to early 19th century minstrelsy. While those on the woke-right, such as Piers Morgan, have criticised the likes of Murphy, the Wayans brothers and even Uncle Lenny Henry for ‘whiting up’, unsurprisingly, he doesn’t get the irony, nor the historic context behind the woke-left’s desire to strike off Dr. Seuss. Look closely enough at the dodgy doc’s Cat in The Hat – or Mickey Mouse or Bugs Bunny or Felix the Cat – and you’ll find minstrel tropes, such as white gloves, hiding in plain sight. Otto Messmer, creator of Felix the Cat, was one of few cartoonists to actually admit that his fiendish feline was based on a minstrel character. Having grown up in the ‘70s and ‘80s on a diet of big black mamas in Tom and Jerry, ‘Jim Crow’ in Dumbo and a plethora of politically incorrect and occasionally racist Disney, Hanna Barbera and Looney Toons flicks, maybe I’ve become too cynical about the degree to which American popular culture is merely a reflection of American society. Which is why it’s now a bit rich for a ’90s and noughties generation reared on The Simpsons, South Park and Family Guy to have suddenly found a conscience about the minstrelsy in those shows. Or have these woketards been too busy staring at their mobiles to notice? Last year, actor Hank Azaria revealed that he would no longer voiceThe Simpsons’Kwik-E-Mart clerk Apu after the character was quietly shown thebackdoorin 2017. As Asian characters go, Apu was about as subtle as Peter Sellers’ Indian Dr. Ahmed el Kabir inThe Millionairess,or Spike Milligan’s Pakistani factory worker Kevin O’Grady in ITV’s short-lived sitcomCurry and Chips.In his documentaryThe Problem With Apu, comedian Hari Kondabolu had slated Apu for being a racist stereotype of Indian-Americans. Fallout from the doc led to Azaria receiving “a wave of criticism” and, despite putting in a 30-year shift voicing Apu and many other Simpsons characters, it was time for Azaria to clock out. No sooner had Azaria quit than black actor Arif Zahir took over theroleof Cleveland Brown from white actor Mike Henry. Brown is a black character who isFamily Guystar Peter Griffin friend and neighbour. Henry tweeted last June that he would be stepping down from the role he’d voiced sinceFamily Guydebuted in 1999, and its spin-offThe Cleveland Show, which he’d voiced from 2009 to 2013 stating, “persons of color should play characters of color.” It’s been an honor to play Cleveland on Family Guy for 20 years. I love this character, but persons of color should play characters of color. Therefore, I will be stepping down from the role.pic.twitter.com/FmKasWITKT White actors Jenny Slate and Kristen Bell appeared to have got the same memo having given up their respective roles on Big Mouth and Central Parksayingit was “inappropriate” to voice biracial cartoon characters. In a recent BBC interview, Simpsons’ creator Matt Groenigadmitted, “Times change but I actually didn t have a problem with the way we were doing it. All of our actors play dozens of characters each, it was never designed to exclude anyone.” This is easy for Groenig to say. But in a country where 45 million people are black, even if finding animators, illustrators, showrunners or Hollywood Foreign Press Association members ‘of colour’ is ‘challenging’, surely finding black people who can speak into a microphone isn’t that hard.South Parkmanaged it with Isaac Hayes and ‘Chef’ for multiple seasons; and my current favourite (culturally white) animated seriesF Is For Familyhas a number of black characters voiced by, you guessed it, black actors. One of F’s many gems is the sardonic Smokey Greenwood, voiced by Michael Kenneth Williams who has played, among other intriguing characters, Omar Little inThe Wire. I’d like to think that the show’s creator, comedian Bill Burr, managed to authenticate his characters’ voices thanks to his own wit and not the influence of his wife, Nia Renee Hill, as that would be cheating seeing as she’s a sista. But whileThe Simpsons, Family GuyandThe Cleveland Showstumble over whose turn it is to black or brown up,F Is For Familyplays it ‘straight’ thanks to its faultless casting. As Smokey tells his new delivery job skivvy, and the show’s white working class hero, Frank Murphy, after he gets cute with an impromptu one-liner: “Don’t improvise. This ain’t jazz motherf****r!” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517199-seuss-book-cancelled-racism/
"4 Mar, 2021","Mississippi school asks students to ‘pretend to be slaves’ for class assignment, gets roasted for ‘whitewashing’ slavery","A middle school in Purvis, Mississippi is under fire after students were asked to pen a letter from the perspective of a plantation slave, with the assignment condemned as “hurtful” and “tone deaf” by local activists. As part of a class project, eighth graders at Purvis Middle School were told to“pretend like you are a slave working on a Mississippi plantation”and to imagine their day-to-day lives, their journey to the United States and the type of labor they were forced to perform, among other things. But a photo of the assignment making the rounds on Twitter on Wednesday has stoked outrage among some residents, insisting the letter project made light of the horrors of chattel slavery. “It’s just another way that Mississippi is trying to whitewash its history,”Reginald Virgil, president of the Mississippi chapter for blacklivesmatter ,toldthe Daily Beast, which first reported the story. He also criticized the use of the term“work,”suggesting it downplayed the forced labor slaves were made to endure. They want us to think slavery was polite. This is at purvis middle school. Someone needs to explain 😡#Blacklivesmattermississippipic.twitter.com/PZeGOB55ZR Another rep from the local BLM branch, Jeremy Marquell Bridges, was bewildered by the assignment, stating“I don’t know how a logical person teaches this. Like [how] someone who went to school to teach children could think this exercise was helpful in any way. It’s not helpful, it’s hurtful.” This is Klan territory… I ve never seen anything like this before. While the school itself and the local school district have so far remained mum about the hot-button project, principal Frank Bunnell has sent an emailed apology to parents, a copy of which was obtained by the Daily Beast. In it, Bunnell apologized for“something like this happening under my watch,”but maintained the photo of the assignment circulating online had been stripped of context. “A person could read just the assignment and draw a very unrealistic view of the true tragedies that occurred. That was not intended,”the principal wrote.“However, intent does not excuse anything. There is no excuse to downplay a practice that (even after abolished) spurs unjust laws, unfair economic practices, inhumane treatment, and suppression of a people.” The mea culpa did little to tamp down on the criticism, as netizens also piled on condemnation, one arguing the assignment promoted the myth of the“happy Black slave.” “‘Journey’ to America? ‘Day-to-day TASKS?!’ Free time when not working?? For f**ks sake! They make it sound like they immigrated here and got a cushy 9 to 5!”another userwrote. This assignment feeds the myth of the “happy Black slave.” It’s the idea that race-based chattel slavery wasn’t all that bad—they had food, clothing, shelter, work. They weren’t rich but they were content. This drivel shouldn’t be anywhere near our kids.https://t.co/cgxM4Sq52L Yet another observer noted that the assignment appears to have been adapted from a“Christian fundamentalist”textbook that asked students to write near-identical“slave letters.”In theoriginal, however, classes were also made to“explain how your family treats your slaves well”in order to rebut“a relative or friend in the North who thinks all slaves are mistreated and beaten.”Despite the apparent similarities, it is unclear if the textbook inspired the controversial project at Purvis Middle School. On the left is the activity brought to light by@BLivesMatterMSand citied in the@thedailybeaststory.On the right, pg 179 from “Omnibus III: Reformation to the Present”, edited by Douglas Wilson & G. Tyler Fischer. Published by Veritas Press in 2006pic.twitter.com/QqqDy593Ea ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517148-mississippi-school-whitewashing-slavery/
"4 Mar, 2021","‘Where’s our restitution?’ Ferguson activists & Mike Brown Sr. demand BLM cough up $20 MILLION, a fraction of its global donations","A Ferguson, Missouri activist group and Michael Brown Sr. are demanding that blacklivesmatter shell out $20 million to local organizers, accusing the org of abandoning “freedom fighters” while it basks in the public spotlight. Tory Russell, who co-founded Ferguson’s International Black Freedom Alliance, appeared in a video alongside the father of the late Michael Brown on Tuesday, calling on BLM’s national leadership to send a cool $20 million to the IBFA and other community groups. “Today, we hold blacklivesmatter accountable. The movement that has catapulted into the limelight has forgotten about Ferguson and the freedom fighters,”Russell said, noting many local activists have become“political prisoners.” We’re asking that blacklivesmatter leadership fund $20 million for Ferguson organizers, organizations and community foundations to do the work. We’re not begging for a handout, we’re coming for what we deserve. Today our co-founder,#Fergusonfrontline organizer@VanguardTNTalongside#MikeBrown father demands 20 million from#BlackLivesMatterin order to continue the work they and other have been doing since the uprising since 2014.pic.twitter.com/4rDA28ZKnB Russell said the funds would go toward“Black Panther-style”mutual aid programs, such as community gardens and farms, as well as “annual commemorations” of Brown, who was fatally shot by a Ferguson police officer during a scuffle in 2014, helping to propel the BLM movement into worldwide prominence. He also suggested the creation of “organizing fellowships and stipends” so local groups can “fight white supremacy full-time.” “What kind of movement are we building when we’re saying ‘ blacklivesmatter ,’ but the freedom fighters and the families are being left behind?”Russell went on.“Where our restitution, where’s our organizing, where’s our building of a movement?” The IBFA took to Twitter on Wednesday night with anupdate, saying it hadn’t yet heard back from the BLM leadership but that a local chapter had reached out in“solidarity.”City and state-level BLM branches have also sparred with the org’s Global Network, with a DC chapter issuing a blistering statement last November accusing the group of“undermining the work and integrity”of grassroots activists. “Despite millions being donated to the network, local chapters have lacked support & resources from national leadership. As a result, much of our local community work continues to be erased,”the DC outfit charged,insistingthe Global Network“is NOT accountable to local communities nor local chapters.” Nyota Uhura, a longtime activist from St. Louis – located some 12 miles south of Ferguson – told RT last July that the broader BLM organization is effectively an ‘astro turfed’ movement that co-opts local activism in service of the Democratic Party. “They overshadow the work of the grassroots, then they insert themselves as leaders and they go out in the media and claim to be leading these movements,”Uhura said, adding that establishment progressive groups“use the energy of our movement to push their agenda.” Between 2017 and 2019, the BLM Global Network spent nearly $4.6 million on consulting, travel expenses and staff salaries, while just $328,000 was divided between dozens of local chapters and other“outside organizations,”accordingto documents obtained by the Daily Caller. A representative for the Global Network argued, however, that those figures did not reflect the“in-kind support”it gives to those smaller groups, and that more than $770,000 had been provided to local chapters between June 2019 and April 2020. The Global Network raised a whopping $90 million in 2020 alone, and, faced with harsh criticism from local branches, said in its latest“Impact Report”that it distributed nearly a quarter of those funds to chapters, adding that was well above the charity“industry norm.” The purported boost in funding did little to quell the internal rebellion within BLM’s local branches, as nine other chapters joined the DC organization in castigating the group’s leadership for a lack of support in transparency in November. In ajoint statement, the 10 branches charged that“most chapters have received little to no financial support from [the Global Network]”since its launch in 2013, and that limited funding had only begun in the latter half of 2020. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517147-ferguson-blm-20-million-restitution/
"3 Mar, 2021","Land of the fee, home of the grave? For all its international posturing and boasting, the US can’t even take care of its citizens","Though marketed as the shining city on the hill envied by all other nations, America is rapidly proving to its own inhabitants and the world that not only can it not keep its own people safe – it can barely keep them alive. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram Between the Covid-19 pandemic and the disastrous economic fallout engendered by government responses to that outbreak, the US has proven itself shockingly incapable of actually functioning in any way its peers might consider “normal.” Whether it’s keeping the lights on in American households, providing healthcare that cures rather than kills, educating children, or merely standing out of the way while residents try to build a life for themselves, Washington has demonstrated a profound, almost malignant ineptitude at the simplest tasks, so much that one might ask if it actually wants to perform them at all. Dozens of Texas residents perished amid the massive snowstorm that seized the state last month. The storm knocked out the electric grid and left over 4 million residents with neither heat nor light. The state’s electricity vendors added insult to injury by slapping customers with absurdly high electric bills (someover $10,000) as the utility’s money-grubbing equivalent of “surge pricing” kicked in – all in a state where energy can literally be pulled out of the ground. Texas is only one state, though – surely the rest of the country can’t be so horrifically incompetent when it comes to something as basic as electricity? But oh no, out West, there’s always California bidding to fail bigger and better. The Golden State’s own power supplier PSE&G was sued for starting the wildfires that destroyed entire neighborhoods in 2017 and 2018. Indeed, PSE&G has been blamed for more than 1,500 fires since 2014 alone and is in the process of declaring bankruptcy after being sued by over 70,000 of its victims, including the entire city of Paradise. It’s so inept when it comes to not burning down the state that for years it has shut off power – often for extended periods – during the summer, lest its equipment trigger still more wildfires. OK, but surely such travesties are rare? It’s not like the US government just goes around displacing people from their land deliberately? Yet Georgia man Tim Leslie is living through that Kafkaesque nightmare of his own right now after having bought a plot of land in Polk County to homestead and raise animals with his family. Because they haven’t built their house yet, they’re (legally) living out of a trailer on that land – or were, until the police forced them to abandon their animals and move to a proper RV park. It’s difficult to imagine a community so free of crime that it wouldn’t have benefited from the cops finding something else to do during the hours spent harassing the Leslie family, but victimizing law-abiding citizens is much easier than going after criminals. Policing – once the pride and joy of the world largest prison state – has itself deteriorated rapidly. New York City endured a major surge in crime thanks to the shutdown, while cops who might have been able to stop it were ignominiously tasked withguardingMayor Bill de Blasio’s virtue-signaling “ blacklivesmatter ” mural or (somewhat schizophrenically) detailed to clobber the odd BLM protester. The NYPD even punished its own officers for public display of Trump fandom whilereal crimeswent ignored and unpunished. (New York also released hundreds of supposedly low-levelconvictslast year “because Covid,” only for the public to learn they were guilty of much moreserious offenses, with many ending up right back in the clink after committingfurther crimes. It’s an ominous state of affairs indeed for the country with the most prison inmates per capita in the world, and those numbers are almost guaranteed to further explode thanks to law enforcement’s new fixation on “domestic terrorists” – a group defined so broadly as to include anyone who’s expressed opinions outside the ever-narrowing mainstream. Maybe the US is just focusing its efforts on combating the Covid-19 pandemic? Americans may spend more on healthcare than any other first-world country, but it wasn’t getting much for its money even before Covid. When the pandemic hit, all hell broke loose in many states, and when hospitals were barred from seeing ‘normal’ patients for lucrative procedures, they instead turned to ventilating anything that moved in order to get reimbursed by the government – even though88 percentof those intubated died. Governors didn’t beg for lifesaving treatments – indeed, theybanned some. Instead, they pleaded for ventilators, all while shunting Covid-infected patients into nursing homes where they would go on to decimate the helpless population. If this is how the US treats its sick, what about its children? Despite some scientists confirming vanishingly few kids are falling ill, major teachers’ unions refuse to return to the classroom, never mind how poorly most children have been shown to learn over a distance model. In some areas, the shutdown of schools revealed a problem the US had been covering up for a while – the need to feed the millions of destitute children who rely on their schools not just for learning, but for free meals their families can’t afford. At the same time, these kids parents spent hours lined up in the cold for free groceries from the nearest food bank, and millions remain out of work or severely underemployed, many dangling on the verge of eviction. Sorely-needed stimulus checks never arrived for many, whose only recourse now is to claim the check on their taxes in the hope of maybe getting reimbursed later. Most of these problems could be solved with some smart policies and a fraction of the infusion of cash that has already gone out to large corporations. But there’s wars to fight, and no evidence the ruling class wants its domestic problems fixed anyway. Instead, it seems to take sadistic pleasure in gaslighting Americans to within an inch of their sanity, insisting the rest of the world wants to be just like us. After all, it’s not like we can fly there to check. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/517130-shelter-food-failure-prison-state/
"3 Mar, 2021",Cancelled veteran and TV star Ant Middleton shoots back at ‘woke patrol’ in interview with Piers Morgan,"British veteran and former ‘SAS: Who Dares Wins’ star Ant Middleton shot back at Channel 4 after it announced it would no longer work with him, amid the man’s criticism of blacklivesmatter and coronavirus lockdowns. In a Wednesday appearance on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, Middleton denied making any intentionally offensive comments and blamed Channel 4’s decision on the increasing power of ‘woke’ political correctness. In his first live interview since he parted company with Channel 4@antmiddletonreveals to@piersmorganand@susannareid100why he left. He calls Channel 4 ‘desperate’ and criticises the show as a ‘half-scripted reality show’.He denies inappropriate comments on set.pic.twitter.com/Oq1RbEIrOH Middleton also claimed that he had already decided to walk away from the show and that Channel 4’s decision to public disavow him was a public relations move to sweep in first. It became a half-scripted sort of reality show. Full control was taken from me, from health and safety to production,”he said, adding that he told producers he would not“film anymore. “I wanted to part in a healthy way and in a positive way, and they knew that I was going… They knew I was going and all of a sudden they drop this bomb about blacklivesmatter ,”Middleton continued.“Ultimately what they’re doing is they’re protecting their brand.” ‘They’ve seen a bit of military banter.’@Antmiddletonsays the complaints of inappropriate comments to women on set were ‘banter’ and it’s just Channel 4 trying to ‘protect their brand’.He says the ‘woke patrol’ have kicked in while he’s stayed ‘true to the military’.pic.twitter.com/1D1M0CuDZd Middleton had tweeted last June that blacklivesmatter and the English Defence League – a right-wing social movement hostile to immigrants – were“not welcome on our streets”after clashes between the two, calling them“absolute scum.”In the interview, Middleton pointed that the tweet wasn’t worded correctly, and that he acknowledged that. In his controversial Covid-19 posts a year ago, Middleton advised followers to act according to their conscience and not the government regulations. He later admitted he was ill informed about the severity of the pandemic. “All these excuses that are coming out, everything like inappropriate comments… It’s like, you’re on ‘SAS: Who Dares Wins’, you know? We say inappropriate things, we do inappropriate things,”Middleton told ITV’s Piers Morgan on Wednesday.“If you get offended by them, then so be it. The course is a hardcore course. It’s hardcore, it’s gritty, you’re going to see inappropriate things.” Noting that a soldier’s humour is“different”and the way that they“deal with situations is different,”Middleton alleged that they were originally allowed to be themselves on set, but“over the years PC patrol have kicked in, the woke patrol have kicked in, to the point where we can’t say anything. We can’t be ourselves.” In its statement this week, Channel 4 claimed to have split with Middleton due to“his personal conduct,”adding that the channel’s and the veteran’s“views and values”are not aligned. ‘SAS: Who Dares Wins’ is a show where Special Forces veterans put contestants through the elite Special Air Service’s (SAS) gruelling selection process until a winner comes out on top. Middleton had hosted the show since 2015. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/517059-cancelled-veteran-ant-middleton/
"3 Mar, 2021",Racist BABIES? Researcher reveals Arizona ‘equity’ toolkit that teaches ‘white fragility’ and other woke propaganda,"Arizona is recommending teachers promote ‘equity’ and social justice through an ‘antiracist’ agenda that sees racism in toddlers and recommends progressive and blacklivesmatter materials as the cure. An ‘equity and diversity’toolkitfor teachers, parents, and administrators posted by the Arizona Department of Education fully embraces the belief in“persistent racial biases in our society,” going so far as to demand of parents that they instill “antiracist attitudes and actions” from birth so their children don’t“absorb bias”from the world. The Department of Education recommends a reading that claims babies are not ""colorblind"" and that parents must instill ""antiracist attitudes and actions"" beginning at birth, in order for their children to not ""absorb bias from the world around them.""pic.twitter.com/6WsfMTKJMx Researcher Chris Rufo posted a series of screenshots of the materials from the toolkit on Tuesday. He points out that some of the materials claim that babies show the first signs of racism at three months old, or that white children“remain strongly biased in favor of whiteness”by age five. The Department of Education site said the schools“cannot expect each and every Black, Latinx, Native and Indigenous, and marginalized Asian child”to reach their full potential if they aren’t properly supported. Meanwhile, some of the reading it recommended argued that“all white people are white in the context of a society that continues to disadvantage people of color based on race”and that schools should promote an“antiracist white identity”instead. To define ‘systemic racism’,the toolkit uses YouTube videos from Act.tv, which describes itself as“a progressive media company specializing in next generation live streaming and digital strategy.” Among the recommended authors are Kimberle Crenshaw, who invented the concept of ‘intersectionality’, and blacklivesmatter Movement co-founder Patrisse Khan Cullors, whoat one pointdescribed herself as“a trained Marxist.”Viewing recommendations feature thecontroversialNetflix show ‘Dear White People’, among others. Rufo called on Arizona Governor Doug Ducey, a Republican, to investigate the“radical”program, calling it“deeply ideological, anti-scientific, and morally bunk.” This is not the first school ‘equity’ program to be highlighted by the Seattle-based researcher, who has been waging something of a crusade in recent months against the Critical Race Theory-based social justice agenda. Last week, he pointed out a similar curriculum in Buffalo, New York public schools – and even got fact-checkers who sought to dismiss his complaints to admit the error of their ways. Last year, Rufo caught the attention of the Trump administration by highlighting the contents of sensitivity training seminars provided to US government agencies by various diversity consultants, leading to the September 2020 executive orderbanning“race or sex stereotyping or scapegoating”in the US government or the military. The Biden administration revoked that order immediately upon taking office, andmade‘equity’ – equality of outcomes, which requires discrimination against some groups and in favor of others – a cornerstone of its foreign and domestic policies. The kids won’t know how to read or do math but at least they’ll be woke.https://t.co/RevaJheoA9 Subscribeto RT newsletter to get stories the mainstream media won’t tell you. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517034-arizona-woke-schools-racism/
"2 Mar, 2021","Newsweek forced to admit Buffalo schools teaching kids to blame ‘all white people’ is true, not ‘HALF-TRUE’ in big fact-check FAIL","After public schools in Buffalo, New York have been called out for blaming “all white people” for perpetuating systematic racism, “fact-checkers” tried to disprove it – only to be left red-faced when confronted with evidence. Journalist Chris Rufo has been vindicated after fact-checkers accused him of misreporting the contents of a blacklivesmatter -themed curriculum being employed at Buffalo Public Schools (BPS) last month. The magazine quietly confirmed that BPS was, in fact, teaching its students to blame all white people for the suffering of others. While Rufo showed the curriculum claimed that “all white people play a part in perpetuating systemic racism,” citing lesson plans and teaching materials received from a whistleblower at the Erie County schools, Newsweekarguedhis claims were only “half true,” because BPS was “not organizing lesson plans around that one phrase, which is for middle school students only, nor are they pushing any of the research as hard and fast facts.” On Friday, Newsweek rated my story on Buffalo Public Schools as ""half true."" So I fact-checked the fact-checkers—and forced them to retract their judgement and change it to ""true."" Remember: most fact-checkers are semi-literate partisan hacks. Treat them accordingly.pic.twitter.com/gmhMvEVaVS However, Rufo was quick to respond, presumably supplying more of the lesson material he’d been slipped by his inside contact, and by Monday had “forced” Newsweek’s fact-checkers to retract their judgement and issue his story a true rating. Indeed, according to the materials Rufo obtained from the whistleblower, the lessons directed at younger children are even more divisive and controversial. Students as young as kindergarten were shown a video depicting dead black children, for example, supposedly in an effort to warn four-to-six year olds about “racist police and state-sanctioned violence” and learn about the “sickness” of American society. Students in fourth and fifth grades were also encouraged to embrace “the disruption of Western nuclear family dynamics” in order to “return to the ‘collective village’ that takes care of each other,” and finish the fifth grade with an essay exploring “a society without ‘separate, nuclear family units.’” Ten-year-olds also learned their country was operating a “school-to-grave pipeline” for black children. Only once they hit middle and high school were children to be instructed in “systemic racism,” taught the all-important self-flagellatory lesson that American society itself was designed for the “impoverishment of people of color and enrichment of white people.” The very fabric of the US social system is based on “racist economic inequality,” the materials claimed, stating that modern economic inequality is “the result of black slavery, which created unjust wealth for white people.” And having been thoroughly indoctrinated since the age of four, the high school students were at last presented with the BLM curriculum’s declaration that “all white people play a part in perpetuating systemic racism,” a declaration that is accompanied by “often unconsciously, white elites work to perpetuate racism through politics, law, education, and the media.” Equipped with such ideological bludgeons (which, contrary to BPS’ protestations, seem to be put forward as very much “hard and fast facts”), students are expected to get to work solving the problem they were born guilty of, “confronting whiteness in [their] classrooms,” atoning for their “white privilege,” and “us[ing] their voices” to crusade for anti-racism. READ MORE: Why Black Lives REALLY Matter: Corporate America is fueling race war to deflect attention from massive wealth inequality Nor are children the only group to be radically reeducated under the program – one teacher told City Journal that meetings with the curriculum’s author, associate superintendent for Culturally and Linguistically Responsive Initiatives Fatima Morrell, devolved into “scoldings, guilt-trips, and demands to demean oneself simply to make another feel ‘empowered,’” with the teachers forced to play these “manipulative mind games” lest Morrell retaliate against them professionally. The curriculum has only been in place since last year, but news of its contents has traveled far and wide, outraging parents all over the nation. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/517015-buffalo-racism-curriculum-blame-whites-fact/
"2 Mar, 2021",‘Spineless surrender to PC police’: Fans angry after soldier-turned-TV-star Ant Middleton axed by Channel 4 for ‘personal conduct’,"The star of TV show ‘SAS: Who Dares Wins’ has been let go by Channel 4, which said it will no longer work with Ant Middleton due to his behaviour. The ex-Royal Marine landed himself in hot water for criticizing BLM and lockdowns. Middleton has been a permanent fixture of the reality show in which civilians undergo gruelling commando training and its spin-offs since its inception in 2015. But this week, Channel 4 announced that the veteran chief instructor will not take part in future series. After having discussions with him“in relation to his personal conduct, it has become clear that our views and values are not aligned and we will not be working with him again,”the statement said. The broadcaster didn’t explain what exactly led to the termination, but Middleton recently found himself in hot water on several occasions. Last June, he tweeted a video of violent protests, commenting: “The extreme left against the extreme right. When did two wrongs make a right? It was only a matter of time. BLM [ blacklivesmatter ] and EDL [English Defence League] are not welcome on our streets – absolute scum.” The tweet was viewed by many as equating the BLM movement with the far-right Islamophobic UK organisation the EDL. Middleton later deleted it and apologized, saying it was a commentary on violent methods and not a critique of anti-racism protests. In March last year, he published several defiant posts, saying people should follow his example and go on with their lives, rather than follow government guidelines on Covid-19. He later admitted he was ill informed about the severity of the pandemic and failed to appreciate how his personal wealth shielded him from its perils.“I went from hero to zero,”he told the breakfast show ‘Good Morning Britain’ (GMB) in a discussion about the public backlash. Middleton parting ways with Channel 4 angered some of his fans, who believe he was fired for voicing politically incorrect opinions. One of his supporters was GMB host Piers Morgan, another outspoken TV personality, who said the decision was“absurd”and“a spineless surrender to the PC police”. Absurd that Channel 4 fired@antmiddletonfor his opinions. He an SBS special forces war hero, what did they think they were hiring - a shrinking violet choirboy? Such a spineless surrender to the PC Police. Ant a top bloke - when he not strangling me.pic.twitter.com/3HX4GJPhaV I don t care what@antmiddletonapparently said, if Channel 4 are saying he going against *their* values, and it has the woke brigade in a tizzy - then I m with him.#AntMiddleton Pushed out?Not PC enough I bet.The anti-Covid rant would have had the woke wankers working to get you out.Thanks for your great shows Ant. Others cheered on the news, citing Middleton’s various perceived sins. The folk defending Ant Middleton can t spell and have Union Jacks in their bio. Didn t he call the BLM movement scum? Yes Karen, do your thing, go stand by your snowflake of a man. What do u fans respect the most? His undeclare assault of 2 police officers, calling an anti-racist movement scum, denying Covid exists or turning his back on his ""brothers"" to make more money? And please don t say it his service record - there more out there as deserving. The ex-soldier thanked“everyone that took part and made the show what it is”and said it was“time to move on”with his life. Stay positive 💪💪 ",https://www.rt.com/uk/516979-sas-ant-middleton-fired/
"1 Mar, 2021","‘Everything offends everybody’: US football rep axed over speech querying ‘social justice warriors’, knee-taking & slavery claims","The US Soccer Federation’s athletes’ council has axed one of its members after he gave a speech at an AGM criticizing ""progressive culture"", sports stars who take a knee for blacklivesmatter and ""social justice warriors"". Seth Jahn, a former member of the US seven-a-side Paralympic team, was speaking in opposition to the policy which was put in place in support of United States football superstar Megan Rapinoe decision to follow the lead of ex-NFL player Colin Kaepernick by carrying out silent""kneeling""protests before games. The United States Soccer Federation voted at the weekend to repeal the 2017 law which required players to stand for the playing of national anthem, with more than 70% of votes supporting the motion to remove it. Jahn was highly critical of the mooted move, which he said he saw as part of a wider campaign which has been popularized by the woke mob in recent months. US Soccer members have voted to repeal a 2017 rule that required players to stand during the national anthem.pic.twitter.com/mvebm43a5E The vote – 71% in favor with only a simply majority required – directly followed this sensational seven-minute dissent by Seth Jahn, a US Paralympian who is a current member US Soccer Athlete Council.pic.twitter.com/vH4Pc4vkT4 ""I’m sure I’m going to ruffle some feathers with what I’m about to say, especially given the athletes council that I’mon,""the 38-year-old accepted at the outset of his impassioned address. ""But given the evolution of our, quote-unquote, progressive culture, where everything offends everybody, those willing to take a knee our for anthem don’t care about defending half of our country and, when they do so, then I don’t have too much concern in also exercising my First Amendment right. ""We’re here to get a different perspective. I also feel compelled to articulate that I’m of mixed race and representative of undoubtedly the most persecuted people in our country’s history, Native-Americans."" The wave of pre-match kneeling protests was popularized by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick in 2016 and has since become a feature of many sporting events around the world amid a broader debate on race relations and police brutality. The movement was amplified further following the death of unarmed African-American man George Floyd in police custody last year, with cell phone footage of the incident sparking numerous bouts of social unrest in the United States. Many exercising *actual* hate speech/bigotry today by issuing 40+ death threats to me/my family🤯 Adorable. That’s freedom of speech, and I respect your right! If only the vapid, feeble-minded hypocrites reciprocated that respect. Never more true:#sciencehttps://t.co/rvR7wT0EnR The blacklivesmatter campaign has since been supported in the English Premier League, with players and officials continuing to kneel before the kick-off of each game. ""Every race in the history of mankind has been enslaved by another demographic at some point in time,"" Jahn continued. ""Blacks have been enslaved. Hispanics have been enslaved. Asians most recently in our country in the freaking 20th century, have been enslaved. ""Natives have been enslaved. Whites have been enslaved. Shoot, I lived in Africa for two-and-a-half years where I could purchase people, slaves, between the price of $300 and $800 per person per head depending on their age, health and physicality. ""Where were the social justice warriors and the news journalists there to bring their ruminations to these real atrocities? And yet in all of history, only one country has fought to abolish slavery: the United States of America, where nearly 400,000 men died to fight for the abolishment of slavery underneath the same stars and bars that our athletes take a knee for. Their sacrifice is tainted with every knee that touches the ground."" My apology letter:pic.twitter.com/QLaHhjXDfn Jahn added that he welcomed athletes rights to have their voices heard, but suggested they do so in their personal time and not while representing the US in international sporting events. Speaking after Jahn, USSF president Cindy Parlow Cone quickly cut down his points.""This is not about disrespecting the flag or about disrespecting the military,"" she said. ""This is about the athletes and our staff’s right to peacefully protest racial inequalities and police brutality."" Jahn removal was revealed in a statement on Sunday, when the federation found that he had“violated the prohibited conduct’s policy section on harassment, which prohibits racial or other harassment based upon a person’s protected status (race), including any verbal act in which race is used or implied in a manner which would make a reasonable person uncomfortable."" Jahn, who was deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan three times and injured in 2010, was indignant at his expulsion. ""I will never apologize for the statements I made and will never bow down to the mob mentality of intimidation, bullying or the social media warrior’s gestapo tactics,"" he promised. ""I’m embarrassed to represent a hypocritical federation that conducts a complete assault on diversity of thought without even seeking clarifying statements from me in their smear campaign. ""I’m embarrassed at the cowardice of so-called friends who bent over to the mob, knowing very well the quality of my character, in order to preserve their own image. ""The overwhelming support I received from a number of people within the federation, compared to the more than 30 death threats I received from the insignificant rabid key board warriors, was appreciated. ""But I implore you to speak publicly in your support in the future for those bold enough to challenge the status quo and not just privately. ""Nothing I said was racist and I’ve done more for people of color all over this planet at risk of my own life throughout the entirety of my 17-year career than the entire [council] has done cumulatively, and I will continue to do so."" A post shared by 𝐒𝐞𝐭𝐡 𝐉𝐚𝐡𝐧 (@sethjahn_ix) The 2016 paralympics player made a qualifying remark.""The one point I will clarify is that when I stated that a small percentage of people in our country are responsible for the terrors of slavery hundreds of years ago, of which more than 400,000 men died to abolish under our nation’s flag, I was in no way minimizing the horrors of slavery,""he pointed out. ""I was simply illuminating the misplaced rage and squandered opportunities to bring to light the tens of millions of people who are enslaved today... more so than any point in history. ""[They are] persecuted people who I readily put my life on the line to recover from the predacious dregs who prey on them. I welcome any and all respectful debates void of emotion and will gladly have an open dialogue publicly with anyone who was brave enough to place unwarranted labels on me from the safety of their mobile device."" Describing itself as ""unequivocal in its condemnation of the statements that Mr Jahn made yesterday"", the organization said: ""Theathlete’s council does not tolerate this type of language and finds it incompatible with membership on the council. ""While the council understands that each person has a right to his or her own opinion, there are certain opinions that go beyond the realm of what is appropriate or acceptable."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/516914-seth-jahn-soccer-federation-speech/
"1 Mar, 2021",School shooting reported on FIRST DAY back in the classroom in Arkansas,"Students were back in the classroom for less than a day in one Arkansas high school before a shooting broke out. One student was reported injured and the underage suspect has been taken into custody. The state of Arkansas last week ordered schools to reopen, as the threat of Covid-19 subsides. Watson Chapel Junior High in the town of Pine Bluff opened its doors to in-person learning on Monday, but any sense of normality was soon shattered when a shooting erupted. One student was injured, and police took the suspect into custody. The Watson Chapel School District described the shooting as an“isolated incident.” Parents are lining up to pick up their students at Watson Chapel Jr. High after the school lifted its lockdown. Multiple law enforcement agencies are still present on scene#ARNewspic.twitter.com/9wO9LScx26 As the coronavirus pandemic hit the US last spring, school closures inadvertently brought with them a halt to school shootings. March 2020 was the first March without a school shooting in the US since 2002, and a total of 10 school shootings werereportedover the whole year, compared to nearly five times as many in 2019, perCNN figures. Gun violence, however,soaredin the second half of the year, amid police cutbacks in the wake of ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ protests and cuts to public services due to Covid-19. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/516918-arkansas-school-shooting-first-day/
"1 Mar, 2021","It doesn’t matter how ‘apologetic’ you are, whitey! Don’t you dare touch black poetry, say activists","To anti-racism activists, Amanda Gorman’s inauguration poem is such a powerful piece of black art that whites shouldn’t be allowed to translate it. Only “unapologetic” black people can be involved, but what does that even mean? Amanda Gorman’s ‘The Hill We Climb’ was the perfect poem for Joe Biden’s inauguration. Dripping with metaphors seemingly plucked at random from Barack Obama’s 2008 election literature, Gorman’s poem talked of a coming“era of just redemption,”a“country that is bruised but whole,”where dawn“blooms”and“there is always light, if only we re brave enough to see it.” A liberal paean that could have won Gorman first prize at a high school poetry competition, ‘The Hill We Climb’ instead made the National Youth Poet Laureate a global sensation, and publishers scrambled to translate it for cat-lady readers around the world. Enter Marieke Lucas Rijneveld, a 29-year-old Dutch writer selected to translate the poem into Nederlands. Gorman personally selected Rijneveld to pen the translation, as the pair had both come to prominence at a young age. All looked good to go, until Dutch journalist and activist Janice Deul kicked up a stink. To Deul, Rijneveld was simply too white to properly translate Gorman’s poem. In an opinion piece in the Volkskrant newspaper last week, Deul pondered why Meulenhof, Rijneveld’s publisher, hadn’t gone with someone more like Gorman: a“spoken-word artist, young, female and unapologetically Black.” Rijneveld is not“unapologetically black.”Rather, she is apologetically white, and caved to Deul’s demand. In a post to Twitter last week, Rijneveld announced that she was backing out of the project.“I had happily devoted myself to translating Amanda’s work, seeing it as the greatest task to keep her strength, tone and style,”shewrote.“However, I realise that I am in a position to think and feel that way, where many are not.” Should white writers translate black literature? Should white actors voiceblack cartoon characters? Can a white person weardreadlocks, evenvirtually? These are all real battles fought by social justice activists in the US and beyond. I’m not going to relitigate these super important and totally sane struggles, but I would like to focus on one line of Deul’s argument: What on earth does“unapologetically black”mean? It implies somebody who wears their skin color on their sleeve, who never asks permission to remind the world that they are, in fact,extremely black. James Brown is unapologetically black. Rick James is unapologetically black. Ice Cube was unapologetically black until he hung up the AK and starred in ‘Runaway Vacation.’ Shaun King is unapologetically black when he really shouldn’t be. The term also implies that there are apologetic black people, who for whatever reason are ashamed of the hue of their skin. Candace Owens and her attempts to ingratiate herself with the republicanparty ’s country-club establishment comes to mind, but that’s not entirely fair. Generally, this term is applied by white liberals to African Americans who stray from Democratic Party orthodoxy. Think Kanye West,Lil WayneandTerry Crews, all famous black entertainers who either supported Donald Trump or questioned the motives of the ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ movement. In the words of President Joe Biden, get with the program, or“you ain’t black.” And what of the Caucasian race? Apologizing for one’s racial failings has been in vogue long before Rijneveld pulled out of her translation gig. As America tore itself apart over real and imaginary racism last summer, crowds of white liberals literallydropped to their kneesto beg forgiveness from their black neighbors. The increasingly popular doctrine of Critical Race Theory demands that white adherents apologize for their inherent racism and“white privilege,”then tells them that nothing they do will ever make up for this original sin.“Be less white,”the Critical Race Theorists tell their audience, who for some reasonpay good moneyto be racially demeaned. Last we come to the most problematic category: those who are unapologetically white. In an era wheresupportingDonald Trump is tantamount to“white supremacy,”and reading Plato and Aristotle is“inseparable”from white power, expressing pride in one’s fair skin is definitely off the table, whether that means refusing to label oneself racist for the alleged crimes of one’s ancestors, or literally joining the Ku Klux Klan. To the racism police, they’re one and the same. Even saying“it’s okay to be white”is ahate crime, to these lunatics at least. There’s a vast gap between joining the local Klavern and translating the work of a black poet while white, but don’t be the unapologetic white who calls out the likes of Deul and her ilk on this. You may as well be burning a cross in her garden. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516905-amanda-gorman-dutch-translator-black/
"1 Mar, 2021","Normally, Hollywood would have used Golden Globes to slam Syrian airstrikes & keeping kids in cages. But not with Biden in charge","After four years of star meltdowns over Donald Trump, Hollywood’s A-list turned a blind eye to America’s egregious misdeeds at the US television awards on Sunday night. Wonder what the difference was this year? Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Hollywood once again proved itself to be the moral authority of our time when a bevy of stars took to the stage on Sunday night at the 78th annual Golden Globes Awards to rail against President Joe Biden’s unconstitutional, murderous airstrikes in Syria, his caging of illegal immigrant kids, and his failure to fight for a $15 minimum wage, Medicare-for-All and a $2,000 stimulus check during this calamitous coronavirus lockdown. Just kidding. With the bad orange man gone from the White House, it was back to Hollywood business as usual at the painfully lackluster, socially distanced Golden Globes, where there was a lot of performative virtue signaling about diversity, but no actual political courage on display. The Golden Globes have long been a running joke. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA), a collection of 89 “foreign entertainment journalists” who vote on the awards, notoriously care less about artistic quality than corporate swag, lining their pockets, and basking in star power. The LA Times recently conducted a searinginvestigationinto the organization and, shock of shocks, found it to be corrupt. I think Captain Obvious was the reporter who broke the story. Hollywood’s big takeaway from the LA Times story, though, was that the HFPA is racist because it has no black members. This was highlighted throughout last night’s show as flaccid comedy duo Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, as well as numerous presenters, made snide comments about the racial “scandal.” This led to one of the more riotously funny moments, when an Indian woman and a Turkish man who are members of the HFPA had to grovel on live TV about how bad they were for not having black people in their group. Diversity! Ironically, after all the bemoaning of HFPA racism, three of the first four awards given out went to black actors, Daniel Kaluuya forJudas and the Black Messiahand John Boyega forSmall Axe, and to the first black-led Pixar filmSoul. Later in the night, the Best Actor and Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama awards also went to black artists: the late Chadwick Boseman forMa Rainey’s Black Bottomand Andra Day forThe United States vs. Billie Holiday. The stupid Golden Globes can’t even stay on brand when it comes to their own racism. Besides the endless babbling about diversity and inclusion, the political talk was pretty minimal. Sure, Borat made some stale Trump and Rudy Giuliani jokes, Mark Ruffalobemoanedthe “hideous dark storm” of Trump “we’ve been living through” and Aaron Sorkin mentioned democracy being under siege. But that was about it. What is so striking is there were ample opportunities for Hollywood heavyweights to speak up about current issues, but they refused. Sean Penn, one of my favorite actors and activists, was there, and besides looking like Moe from theThree Stooges, didn’t do much of anything except display a shocking lack of testicular fortitude. He could have spoken up about Biden’s illegal attack on Syria, like he had done about the Iraq War, but he didn’t. Jodie Foster won Best Supporting Actress for her work in the filmThe Mauritanian, a movie about the injustice of a prisoner held in Guantanamo Bay for 14 years without charge. But Foster never mentioned Guantanamo Bay, injustice, or the immorality of the War on Terror in her acceptance speech. Famed anti-war activist Jane Fonda, who once went to North Vietnam while the US was at war with it, was awarded a Lifetime Achievement award but never mentioned Biden’s illegal airstrikes in Syria, or hissupportof murderous tyrant Mohammed bin Salman in Saudi Arabia, or the continuation of the“kids in cages”immigration policy. Instead, she just regurgitated the usual woke pablum of diversity and inclusion. Chloe Zhao won Best Director and Best Drama for her filmNomadland, which examines those crushed under the boot of American capitalism. Yet she never once mentioned Biden’s failure to push for the $15 minimum wage or Medicare-for-All, or the coronavirus stimulus check he promised – three things that would immeasurably help the suffering people featured in her film. With Trump gone and Biden now being the one obliterating Syrians and caging kids at the border, Hollywood’s elite is all too happy to lose its stridently socially conscious rhetoric in favor of status quo cheerleading and social justice ass-kissing. Everyone knows Hollywood is not exactly filled with the bravest souls driven purely by integrity and their commitment to principle. But the amount of self-righteousness mixed with craven cowardice on display last night was remarkable even by its depraved standards. In conclusion, if the Golden Globes are any indication, awards season is going to be filled with the most venal, vacuous, and vapid posing and preening imaginable, but it won’t feature any principled protests against Biden administration policies, no matter how abhorrent they may be. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516858-hollywood-biden-syria-golden-globe/
"28 Feb, 2021",‘Chinese finger puppet’: UFC motormouth Colby Covington rips into LeBron James as fans demand showdown,"UFC welterweight Colby Covington has branded LeBron James a ‘Chinese finger puppet’ as the fighter weighed in on the row which kicked off when football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic criticized James’ political activism. Swedish star Zlatan said in an interview this week that James should“stay out of politics”and“just do what you do best.” That prompted the LA Lakers icon to vow that he would“never shut up about things that are wrong”and would never“just stick to sports.” UFC fighter Covington – a Donald Trump superfan and long-time critic of James – has now offered his take on the row, unsurprisingly coming out swinging against the four-time NBA champion. When are you gonna speak up about Hong Kong@KingJames? Oh that’s right, you can’t. You’re a Chinese finger puppet! You make millions playing a kids game & talk about “social justice” but have no problem paying Chinese women in sweatshops pennies to make your products. Slimeball.https://t.co/nPhD5OQEOC “When are you gonna speak up about Hong Kong?”Covington wrote, tagging James and sharing a tweet of his riposte to Ibrahimovic. “Oh, that’s right, you can’t. You’re a Chinese finger puppet! You make millions playing a kids game and talk about ‘social justice’ but have no problem paying Chinese women in sweatshops pennies to make your products. Slimeball.” A post shared by colbycovington (@colbycovmma) A post shared by colbycovington (@colbycovmma) The ‘Hong Kong argument’ has been used frequently against James amid his spat with Ibrahimovic. The basketball star was accused of remaining silent back in 2019 when the NBA was dragged into a row over anti-government protests in Hong Kong. After Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey had tweeted the slogan“Fight for Freedom. Stand with Hong Kong”– potentially endangering the NBA’s lucrative ties with China – Jamessaidthat Morey had been“misinformed”and“not educated.” That earned the basketball star opprobrium in some quarters for seemingly putting profits above principle, as his sponsors Nike also generate billions of dollars in sales in China. An avowed MAGA supporter, Covington has never previously held back against James, even calling him out for a fight. Back in December, the 33-year-old UFC star said he would make James“eat the canvas,”while earlier last year he labeled James a""spineless coward""in a diatribe against the blacklivesmatter movement. After Covington’s latest broadside, some fans reignited calls for a showdown between the pair. Book it 😤😤pic.twitter.com/bbI2ZDlhM5 However, some claimed Covington was the one guilty of hypocrisy for wearing clothing that was also made in China, while others said it was merely a desperate ploy for Covington to“stay relevant”now that his hero Trump had left the White House. Lebron not Chinese or from Hong Kong last I checked. And everybody stuff is made in China. Including your FAV. 🤡 You will say anything to stay relevant. Lebron will never know who you are. Former UFC interim welterweight champion Covington stands 16-2 in his MMA career, and finished Tyron Woodley in the fifth round of their contest during his last octagon appearance in September. Covington turned much of his media work surrounding that fight into an opportunity to attack BLM, calling Woodley a“terrorist sympathizer”and“woke little b*tch”over his support for the movement. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/516809-colby-covington-lebron-james-chinese-finger-puppet/
"27 Feb, 2021","LeBron vs Zlatan: Please, spare us this clash of overinflated egos","When two men with super-sized delusions of grandeur start trading blows, everyone else has to suffer. That’s exactly what’s happening with the spat between NBA icon LeBron James and football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic. If you haven’t heard, Swedish egomaniac Zlatan has irked LeBron with his suggestion that the basketball saint should quit playing politics and basically shut up and dribble. “That is the big first mistake people do when they become famous and they become in a certain status,”said the 39-year-old AC Milan forward in a recent interview. “Stay out of [politics]. Just do what you do best because it doesn’t look good.” It wasn’t long before the riled Lakers star returned fire, warning Zlatan that he was“the wrong person to go at.” “At the end of the day, I’ll never shut up about things that are wrong,”sniped the four-time NBA champion. “There’s no way I will ever just stick to sports, I understand this platform and how powerful my voice is.” With the battlelines drawn, fans have been busy picking sides between a man styled as a latter-day Martin Luther King and someone who sees himself as a lion incarnated in human form. For the liberal US media there will only ever be one winner. James can do no wrong as champion of the woke and proud commander of the blacklivesmatter crusade. It’s not hard to anticipate the fawning articles supporting the basketball star and rebuking Ibrahimovic that will flow forth in the coming days. It’s a golden opportunity for the media to nail their own virtues to the mast as they explain why James is ‘so much more than a basketball player’ while plying him with the usual platitudes. Zlatan, they will argue, is clearly misguided. Just look at the work James has done reminding anyone and everyone about the BLM cause at any given opportunity, along with the rest of the NBA foisting social justice messages on fans whenever they tune in. James claimed that Ibrahimovic had picked the wrong man to spar with, telling him:“I speak from a very educated mind. I’m kind of the wrong guy to go at because I do my homework.” Strangely, that homeworkwas absent back in 2019when, along with the NBA, James seemed to put profits before principle in the row over the anti-government protests in Hong Kong. F minus for that particular submission, Mr James. READ MORE: LeBron James looks to calm tensions as fans burn his jersey in protest after free speech tweets (VIDEO) The basketball star’s riposte to Ibrahimovic was also replete with the kind of language that smacks of his grandstanding. “I preach about my people, I preach about equality, social injustice, racism, systematic voter suppression, things that go on in our community,”said James. ‘Preaching’ certainly seems about right. Indeed, despite James advocating unity and equality, his rhetoric can often come across as vindictive and divisive. Take his diatribe in the aftermath of the riots at the US Capitol, for example, when he accused other sections of society of shamelessly stealing from black culture. “Everyone jumps on the bandwagon of what [black people] provide, what we bring, the way we dress, our music, our culture, our food,”James railed. “Everyone steals from what we do, and then they want to act like they did it or they brought it to this world. We don’t get our due diligence, the respect, we don’t get anything back from this country apart from a slap in the face.” That was accompanied by the assertion that America had“sh*tted away four years”under Donald Trump. James’ spats with the former president often seemed petty, personal and unbecoming of both. They are exactly the kind of posturing which Ibrahimovic was advocating against when he talked of sports stars steering clear of political entanglements. Many observers have mistakenly seized on the Swede’s words as applying not just to politics (which Ibrahimovic mentioned specifically), but also to James’ widely-publicized work in the community. That seems unlikely. It’s hard to imagine Ibrahimovic taking issue with the kind of work that James does for youngsters through the likes of his ‘I Promise School’ in his native Ohio. After all, Ibrahimovic is not a man without a social conscience. Last year, he announceda €1 million fundraiserto help hospitals in Italy during the pandemic. He has previously worked with the likes of the UN World Food Programmeto help tackle food poverty. But is Ibrahimovic any more bearable than James? He certainly isn’t as overtly political – although that isn’t exactly hard. Instead, what Ibrahimovic lacks in political activism, he makes up for in the relentless stroking of his own ego. His whole ‘I’m a lion’ schtick does wear a bit thin when coming from a 39-year-old man. Ibrahimovic has almost become a caricature of himself, even if his remarkable longevity and continued prowess on the pitch is impossible to deny. Such is his own redoubtable ego, Zlatan is unlikely to care about the barbs heading his way from disgruntled basketball fans or liberal media. In any case, both men are millionaires many times over, living pampered lives which in particular makes it so much harder to swallow the kind of social justice spiel that James trots out so frequently. Let us hope, then, that Ibrahimovic doesn’t reply to James’ latest remarks – purely to spare us all the tedium of a drawn-out battle between two men oblivious to their overinflated senses of self-importance. By Liam Tyler ",https://www.rt.com/sport/516766-lebron-zlatan-spare-us-this-battle-overinflated-egos/
"26 Feb, 2021","After Harry Potter game developer gets trashed for not being SJW enough, it’s clear: We need GAMERGATE 2.0","During a week in which the press banded together to slander a game dev for the thoughtcrime of having moderately right leaning opinions, it’s time to cut through the nonsense and say it loud and clear, we need a second Gamergate. is a writer and journalist from the US. Outside of her work on RT, she is a primary writer for Colin Moriarty Side Quest content, and she manages her own YouTube channel. Follow her on Twitter@SophNar0747 is a writer and journalist from the US. Outside of her work on RT, she is a primary writer for Colin Moriarty Side Quest content, and she manages her own YouTube channel. Follow her on Twitter@SophNar0747 Exactly a year agoI published an article about a clique of journalists who are preventing individuals from attaining careers at any of the mainstream gaming outlets unless they are politically aligned with those doing the gatekeeping. Naturally this was scoffed at by the very people being called out, but if their actions this past year have proven anything, it’s that my reporting was completely accurate. Although now the situation is much more dire, as what can only be described as ideological vindictiveness has spread throughout the ranks and their goal is absolutely clear, destroy all who oppose them. Consider this very moment where Troy Leavitt – the lead designer on the upcoming Harry Potter video game Hogwarts Legacy – is being trashed by the press due to the content of his Youtube channel. Running with essentially the same narrative, gaming websites are trying to cancel him for his“anti-social justice”views. But don’t let the copy/pasted headlines coming out ofKotaku,ScreenRant, andVG24/7(among others) confuse you, the man hasn’t expressed homophobic, transphobic, or racist rhetoric, he merely disagreed with Anita Sarkeesian’s Tropes vs Women video series, criticizes modern feminism a bit, and he tears down the more woke side of the social justice movement. FUCK. GAME. JOURNALISTS.pic.twitter.com/5LT3FwhGze Yet for as common as his beliefs are within the general public sphere, the press has decided to make an example out of him. They want him fired and unable to work within the industry, and via brute force they believe this can be done. On Twitter journalists are expressing a need for websites torefuse coverageto Hogwarts Legacy; meanwhile, gaming forum ResetEra – a place frequented by journalists – hasput a ban on threadsdiscussing the game, a move already beingsupportedbythe press. This all on top of the many articles attempting to discredit his name. The message being loud and clear, they want an industry that only represents their world views and they are doing their damnedest to force the game publisher’s hands on who they hire going forward. It is ideological warfare, and it is time to combat it. It’s certainly a controversial statement to make, but gamergate needs a follow up. The media as it stands now is an enemy to free expression and thought. Journalists root for big tech censorship, write hit pieces on individuals who have done nothing wrong, publish editorialized ‘news’ as fact, slander innocent people, and they dedicate their time and energy to ruining the careers of others for no other reason than they disagree with their views. It is a sad state of affairs and they deserve all the pushback in the world, because for a conglomerate of people who have gotten far too comfortable in labeling cancel culture as “accountability” culture, I say it’s time to hold them to account. Throughout the past year we have seen ideology take precedence more often than not, and it is resulting in some truly awful ‘journalism’. There’s the situation with Troy Leavitt already detailed above, a guy who chances are wouldn’t have been targeted had he not been working on a Harry Potter game, but similar to thecircumstances surroundingCyberpunk 2077 and its developer CD Projekt Red, the media has a bone to pick and it’s going to force out any controversy it can. For CP2077 it got so ridiculous thatone writereven suggested the game would lead to trans people getting killed. Spoiler, this hasn’t yet happened. In regards to Hogwarts Legacy, the media has a hate-boner for author JK Rowling due to her perceived transphobic views, and so they are going full on-scorched earth. Another notable incident involves a writer being fired for having the audacity to argue in favor of civilized debate. In a comment section on Rockpapershotgun Tim Stone expressed“profound respect”for trans people while also expressing that there’s a valid debate to be had about trans women competing in sports against biological women. Adding that it’s“totalitarian”to“silence and cancel people who don’t unquestionably support one side of the argument.” A writer at RPS argued in a comment section about the Watch Dogs controversy that limiting debate is totalitarian,so how are members of the gaming press reacting? Certainly theyre opening their eyes to how totalitarian theyve become,right? Nope! Of course not. They want him firedhttps://t.co/71kNUm40azpic.twitter.com/EObsi0p8He Within a day journalists lashed out and called for his head, resulting in him being promptly dismissed from the site. And that is the work of the clique. Toe the line or else. There is no room for opinions that run counter to theirs. Which as the Hogwarts Legacy incident proves, this goes well and beyond the writers in their midst. Depending on who you ask, Gamergate is many things. But the two common answers are either it was a consumer uprising opposing ethically compromised journalists or it was a harassment campaign aimed at marginalized individuals with the sole intent of pushing them out of the industry. Those being targeted as unethical came up with the latter answer, and that’s what is pushed by mainstream outlets. The truth of course is quite a bit different. It is nigh impossible to sum up the entirety of Gamergate in a few short paragraphs, but the general gist is that in 2014 gamers who for years had been fed up with the state of coverage surrounding the hobby finally vented their frustrations. The medium had gotten disgustingly unethical. For example, relationships weren’t properly disclosed when discussing or reviewing content made by friends, roommates, or in some instances, bed buddies. There were also underlying concerns about the symbiotic relationship between billion dollar publishers and the critics who were supposed to review their products. Most infamously Jeff Gerstmann was fired from GameSpot in 2008 after he gave a low score to a game he was reviewing. This the result of the publisher applying pressure to the website and threatening to hurt its bottom line by removing ad buys. During Gamergate’s zenith, the industry was also being overtaken by more and more like-minded individuals and they were dictating coverage between websites in a behind-the-scenes chat network. Opinionated pieces began reflecting the same opinions, and for all the talk of diversity, there was less and less diversity of the mind. This being the most evident today as all the major gaming websites push the exact same views. It’s this point that causes the most anger. The ideologically one-sided gaming media is banding together to try and destroy his life all because he has opinions that run counter to yours. I think you’ve done more than enough to prove the importance of Gamergate. You’re all rats.https://t.co/8Y7clUzuwGpic.twitter.com/jtOP8yjtGc I don’t think any reasonable person would agree that opposing opinions are inherently bad, but it does become a problem when only one set of opinions are ever highlighted within the mainstream, and as evidenced with the Hogwarts Legacy fiasco, one set of overly woke viewpoints overshadows everything, and this plays a huge role in the emotionally charged culture war we find ourselves in today. And as with all wars, people choose sides, and with sides comes tribalism, and with tribalism comes a willingness to ignore your own side’s faults, and that was, and still is, Gamergate’s biggest flaw, because for as well-meaning as many who flew the GG banner may have been, there’s no denying that as a largely leaderless movement, it became far too easily hijacked by selfish and/or unethical actors, and many of their errors were swept under the rug by a far too forgiving audience. A harsh mark against those who scream about “ethics in journalism.” Consider still-thriving Youtubers who rose to fame during the movement and who lack any consistency whatsoever, constantly changing their opinions to appease an algorithm that rewards them with views and money. Some of these same Youtubers manipulate their audiences with various crowdfundings, raising hundreds of thousands of dollars only to not deliver a product as promised. Alternative gaming websites who rose during the GG years fared no better. In 2019 it came to light that NicheGamer’s owner had been plagiarizing content for three years. If GG was about holding various entities accountable, it doesn’t speak highly that people still frequent the site. It should have died then and there as plagiarizing should be a death knell to any group that honestly cares about ethics. Yet founder, owner, and plagiarizer Brandon Orselli still profits from the place andwrites for it. The same goes for OneAngryGamer. A website so steeped in legitimate bigotry that some netizens believe its original owner was part of a grand conspiracy to belittle the Gamergate moniker. Delving further into racism and homophobia as a means of diminishing GG’s standing. That’s obviously laughable, but when one of the biggest Gamergate websites steers away from genuinely decent news coverage to full-on hatred of anything black-skinned or gay, well, that’s a problem and it should be criticized. As a supporter of Gamergate myself, I know a lot of people won’t want to hear my criticisms of the movement, but the fact of the matter is that tribalism will get us nowhere. And if we truly want to enforce positive change within the industry and combat the narrative the mainstream media is too easily able to run with, there needs to be a new movement with defined goals. But most importantly it cannot be allowed to replicate the same mistakes, it must have standards across the board. As it currently stands, mainstream journalists are far too comfortable ruining lives, pushing lies, and slandering others. Theytrashed Tim Soretfor his milquetoast personal opinions and thencelebratedwhen his game experienced developmental hardship. They tirelessly work to gatekeep and/or fire writers who express opinions that run counter to theirs. Right now they are labeling Troy Leavitt as‘alt-right’even though he so clearly is not. They protect their own friend who legitimatelylied about transphobic abuseat the hands of a comedian on stage. They don’t hold their buddy Zoe Quinn to account even though shescammed people out of $85k. They dig through tweets to create controversies even when some of theirclosest allieshave a history of throwing slurs. They chase after developers and try to ruin their careers for the most minor of slights, referring to them as bigots over huge misunderstandings.They cancel people for jokeseven thoughtheir allieshave made ones inpoor tastetoo. They maintainno accountabilitywithin their own ranks. And the list goes on and on. - Be journalist - Create scenario in head lamenting male gamers- Talk down to women who disagree with it- Complain about toxicity towards women in gaming- Profit?pic.twitter.com/hW3EjOJf0Z As stated already, they are enemies to free expression and thought and they deserve to be held accountable. As the expression so eloquently goes, you get what you f**king deserve. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516707-hogwarts-legazy-sjw-gamergate/
"26 Feb, 2021",Liberals’ refusal to address the thorny issues around race has a disastrous effect on efforts to improve the lives of black people,"Taking a monochrome approach to race as the key to addressing socio-economic problems, BLM-supporting liberals are ignoring divisions between ethnic communities and making life even worse for struggling black Britons. The long-unchallenged liberal view that racism, police brutality, a colonialist education curriculum and white privilege are all contributing to holding back struggling communities from escaping socio-economic difficulties is nonsense, and it’s time we ditched using the colour of people’s skin as the basis of our approach – despite what supporters of blacklivesmatter (BLM) might think. Public policy should focus on addressing socio-economic issues across the board, free from the constraints imposed when seeing all issues through a prism of race. And continuing to lump various ethnicities together into a homogenous BAME (black, Asian and minority ethnic) community is not only ignorant and insulting, it’s also wrong. However, don’t take my word for it when there are better sources out there. And there they were last night;speakingat the launch of Dr Rakib Ehsan’s report for the Henry Jackson Society, ‘BLM: A Voice For Black Britons’, a panel of four brave souls, hosted by Esther Krakue, who refused to shy away from talk that would silence a dinner party and have fretful woke simpletons reaching for their coats in the liberal circles of London. An overarching theme that hit me was the whole way we talk about race: tip-toeing around the language, inventing acronyms and bundling communities together, all with the best of intentions, is actually no help at all and in reality is making things worse. The BAME label is part of this. It groups together communities that have nothing much in common as it attempts to make race the starting point for not only identifying who apparently needs help, but who will receive that help. This in itself has caused problems in the UK, specifically the rise of“competitive victimhood”, said Dr Remi Adekoya, where arguments arise over who deserves the most empathy: blacks, Muslims, Bangladeshis... take your pick. He quickly dismissed the use of BAME as a handy administrative term, pointing out that no person with black or brown skin ever identified themselves with the acronym.“There is no such identity like that,”he said.“There are huge differences even within the black communities here in Britain. It’s an outdated concept.”And Adekoya wasn’t alone in holding this view. Fellow panellist Calvin Robinson agreed.“It makes people feel good using the term BAME. People won’t use the word ‘black’ – ‘can I say black, is that appropriate?’ – so they’ll use the word ‘BAME’ in order to walk on eggshells,”he said.“There is no one big homogenous group. Even with black people, there are so many different groups and so many different communities, just as there are with every race.” Those differences are not just about faith and family or food and music, they give rise to a subject that makes liberals squirm in their seats, a pearl-clutcher’s taboo: racism between minority communities. “Amongst the BAME communities themselves, there is a lot of inter-racial discrimination going on that never actually gets addressed,”Robinson continued. “I never hear anything about this in the mainstream media. We tend to perceive racism these days as a power struggle between black people and white people which, of course, is completely untrue because racism is discrimination based on ethnicity, and anyone can be racist.” Of course, suggesting that huge differences exist not only between the wider BAME community but even within the minority black community itself throws a real spanner in the diversity works. It doesn’t fit the idea of using ethnicity to underpin social policy. Yet the reality is, as Adekoya pointed out, that there are huge differences in the UK between black African and black Caribbean communities. The ICM poll that accompanies thereportunder discussion revealed that British Africans are far more likely to be positive towards Britain, hold some sort of faith and be part of strong family structures – all of which informs their broader attitudes – than their Caribbean counterparts. Black Caribbeans do underachieve in education and this, it was pointed out, is used to tell them at school that the system is rigged against them, that it’s feeding this disadvantage and, therefore, they are victims of racism. This belief takes root and is blamed for any failure to succeed that follows, while also seeming to prove that the system is racist. And that’s where the Marxists of BLM step in. If this system is the reason for your disadvantage, the system is wrong. So let’s smash it! Defund the police! Dismantle capitalism! Revolution! Marginalised individuals are far more likely to follow this advice than those fitting in to society. However, the draw of blacklivesmatter for black communities in Britain was not the clarion call the mainstream media might have had us believe last summer, nor is it the answer to the very specific problems faced by the black communities in this country. In fact, while black Brits in general were largely happy with the issues raised by BLM, they found their methods of protest, such as tearing downstatuesand civil disobedience,“abhorrent”, according to Robinson. “People copy and pasted the drama from America over here and it just doesn’t suit, it wasn’t relevant. The police over here don’t carry guns, they don’t kneel on black people’s necks,”he said. It’s not police brutality against young black men that is the real cause for concern in the UK, he rightly pointed out. To him, it is the lack of religious faith and stable family structures, particularly in black Caribbean communities, that is a problem in Britain. Importantly, Robinson insisted that the lack of faith or family should not be co-opted as excuses to lower the expectations of children and young people, because“they have it harder”than others. He said that only through holding the same high expectations of all children, who would rise to the challenge, could we hope to make things better. Black people in Britain do not hate white people. In fact, the report showed that only one in 10 hold an unfavourable opinion of their white neighbours, so this is a good start. Surprisingly, they also said where racism had been experienced, eight percent of that was from fellow black Brits. Among the questions rarely posed, 58 percent of black people said they consider British society fundamentally racist which, the panellists suggested, needed further investigation into ‘how?’, even suggesting that perceived racism, which is only imagined, could be a contributory factor. Black people racist? Black people imagining racism? How dare they! Again, this is not the sort of polite conversation that is broached over soy lattes and low-fat pastries, because it’s unconventional, considered way off-message and flies in the face of identity politics ideology where race informs everything. The very idea of blaming black people, the victims in need of rescue, for imagining and even propagating racism themselves is outrageous and should never be countenanced. This is plainly wrong. Because the preoccupation with race in Britain, and one view of it, is holding us back. But unless bold conversations can continue without fear of no-platforming, cancelling or trolling, we will never make any progress on improving the lot of those in socio-economic difficulties. So, long may this conversation continue. Who knows? The ideas might even take off. Just be careful with whom you discuss them. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516687-liberals-race-black-people/
"26 Feb, 2021",‘Stay out of it… it doesn’t look good’: Zlatan BLASTS LeBron James for playing politics,"Sport and politics definitely don’t mix, according to AC Milan star Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who has advised NBA icon LeBron James to stay in his lane and “do what he’s good at.” Ibrahimovic, 39, spent two seasons in the US with the LA Galaxy, bringing his supersized ego with him and making his mark on the pitch with some spectacular strikes. The giant Swede has since returned to Milan, where he continues to defy his advanced years with 14 goals in 13 Serie A appearances this season as he drives his team into title contention. But despite having left the US behind, Ibrahimovic had some words of advice to a fellow sporting icon still illuminating the West Coast – LA Lakers star James. James, 36, is as high-profile off the court as he is on it, getting entangled in online feuds with former President Donald Trump and being a vocal supporter of causes such as blacklivesmatter . Ibrahimovic, however, has claimed that James should steer clear of political games and concentrate on what he does best on the court. Zlatan Ibrahimovic uppskattar basketspelaren Lebron James men tycker inte att han ska lägga sig i politiken: ""Lebron är fenomenal på det han gör, men jag gillar inte när folk med status lägger sig i politik"" Lång intervju med Zlatan Ibrahimovic:https://t.co/oXm5gjmhKvpic.twitter.com/J3L82GWLD6 “[LeBron] is phenomenal at what he’s doing, but I don’t like when people have some kind of status, they go and do politics at the same time,”Ibrahimovic said in an interview with UEFA and Discovery+. “Do what you’re good at. Do the category you do. I play football because I’m the best in playing football. I don’t do politics. If I would be a politician, I would do politics. “That is the big first mistake people do when they become famous and they become in a certain status. Stay out of it. Just do what you do best because it doesn’t look good.” The comments echo those of Fox News host Laura Ingraham back in 2018, who famously told four-time NBA champion James to“shut up and dribble”after he criticized Trump. James has frequently rejected calls to remain silent, vowing to continue to push for the various causes he promotes as well as being a vociferous supporter of new US President Joe Biden. Ibrahimovic’s comments split opinion online, with one response telling the football star to“respectfully shut the f*ck up”as he could supposedly never understand the reality of life for black Americans. “LeBron uses his platform to fight against inequality and does so much good in his community. Zlatan Ibrahimovich [sic] is a 40-year-old that uses his platform to call himself a lion,”scoffed another response. Zlatan is many things, one thing he isn’t is black in America. He can respectfully shut the fuck up.https://t.co/prwLQQdvS0 LeBron uses his platform to fight against inequality and does so much good in his community. Zlatan Ibrahimovich is a 40 year old that uses his platform to call himself a lion. “We don’t care what bro thinks unfortunately,”wrote another James fan. We don’t care what bro thinks unfortunatelypic.twitter.com/gfWlDIHIa1 Some claimed that people were missing the point and that Ibrahimovic wasn t talking about initiatives such as anti-racism campaigns, but rather was pointing specifically to sports stars making overt political endorsements. “I could be wrong here, but pretty sure a lot of you are missing the point he making,""read one tweet. ""He not talking about condemning racism or injustice. He talking about athletes, celebrities, etc. publicly endorsing politicians/political parties. And he probably right.” I could be wrong here, but pretty sure a lot of you are missing the point he making here. He not talking about condemning racism or injustice. He talking about athletes, celebrities, etc. publicly endorsing politicians/political parties. And he probably right. “He’s dead right,”read another succinct comment in support of the Swedish star stance. He’s dead right Others accused James of hypocrisy, citing the NBA star’s silence over the issue of democracy in China and Hong Kong back in 2019 as the league played exhibition games in the country. It’s true.. man talks about oppression and equality but got mad at Daryl Morey calling out China. 😂😂 They’re doing far worse things than what’s happening in the US rn but that’d hurt his pockets. Other fans defended Ibrahimovic as knowing what discrimination looks like first-hand, writing:“He grew up as a Slav in Sweden. He was discriminated against, he had a tough childhood, he was poor, low class, difficult family life, rarely enough to eat: football was his ticket out. And he made it. I think he has a right to speak.” He grew up as a Slav in Sweden. He was discriminated against, he had a tough childhood, he was poor, low class, difficult family life, rarely enough to eat: football was his ticket out. And he made it. I think he has a right to speak. Ibrahimovic’s comments on James were not the only aspect of his interview with UEFA and Discovery+ to make headlines. The Swede also weighed in on the debate over football greatest ever player, selecting Brazilian icon Ronaldo as his pick. ""I always tell everyone who plays with me: Ronaldo is football. That Ronaldo is football,""said Ibrahimovic. ""The way he moved, the way he did those stepovers, those mazy runs. In my view, he is the best player in history, no doubt about it."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/516649-zlatan-lebron-james-stay-out-of-politics/
"25 Feb, 2021","Student shamed as ‘disrespectful’ for choosing ‘racist’ Candace Owens as ‘black trailblazer’ for project, now leaving school","A Virginia student is leaving her high school after staff failed to do anything about a mass email blasting her for choosing to highlight conservative pundit Candace Owens as a “black trailblazer.” Students at St. Margaret’s High School in Tappahannock, Virginia were assigned this month by the Black Student Union to present projects on“black trailblazers”in honor of Black History Month. Julia Saville, a junior, chose Owens. Saville, a chapter leader for Turning Point USA for which Owens used to work, told Daily Wire she joined the Black Student Union to get a different perspective on race issues in light of the blacklivesmatter movement. A school-wide email condemned a high school student for calling ""racist""@RealCandaceOa ""black trailblazer""I spoke with the high school student who supports Candace & she told me she has decided to leave the school after being branded a racist herself.https://t.co/IJ3ypyciqs “I just wanted to get their perspective and [understand] their experiences on campus,”she said. Saville was not greeted so openly, however, after members found out she was presenting a project on Owens, who currently hosts a show for the right-leaning PragerU. On the morning Saville was supposed to present her work, she received a school-wide email sent to all students and staff blasting her as“disrespectful”for choosing to highlight“racist”Candace Owens. “Candace Owens is not someone we should be recognizing today especially during Black History Month when she has done absolutely nothing for the black community,”the classmate wrote, adding that the conservative commentator had“openly tried to degrade the struggles of the black community by telling the general public that America is not a racist country and that everyone who believes that it is is trying to divide America.” She said it was“offensive” that Saville “sat down, thought about it, researched [Owens], and thought it was okay to do this.” The email included a tweet from Owens saying she is not ashamed to support former President Donald Trump as proof of her“racism.” Just a quick tweet to remind all of you leftists that I have zero shame about having supported@realDonaldTrumpfor the last 4 years and I stand unapologetically with every patriot in this country. Your smears have and will continue to inspire me. I will never be silenced. Saville’s project ironically did not even focus on Owens’ politics, but instead on her faith and personal struggles with racist threats as a student. Saville had also chosen to present projects on Ben Carson, Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, and Harriett Tubman, which no one took issue with. Since the email was sent to all staff and students, but was a matter for the Black Student Union, Saville’s father reached out to the head of the school saying his daughter had been slandered as a racist, but he was greeted with a shrug of the shoulders. “Nothing is being done at all to correct the situation,”he told Daily Wire, adding that the classmate who wrote the email is facing no consequences. Saville has now decided to walk away from the school. “I didn’t feel threatened, but it’s definitely uncomfortable when you know that [my peers] all feel a certain way about me and don’t like me simply because of my political views,”she said. Owens herself has not yet reacted to the student’s treatment, but other conservatives have slammed the high school for discriminating over politics, and this is hardly the first time a school has been accused of mistreating right-leaning students. In another instance this month, detailed on The Megyn Kelly Show, a high school student was also shunned for her politics. The anonymous student, referred to as Jane Doe, a supporter of Donald Trump, was accused of being a racist by fellow students when someone noticed a sticker on her computer in support of police. Classmates then claimed Doe made numerous racist statements like“black lives don’t matter,”though she denies saying any of them. The Missouri high school she attended refused to do anything about the racist accusations, none of which were backed up with any evidence. “Beyond Outrageous,”one usertweetedin reaction to Saville’s story. “Candace Owens is strong and honorable. She is not racist, she just inconvenient to Democrats and their dividing tactics,”anotheradded. Please tell me how a black woman w/ an organization that focuses on helping black Americans in struggling sectors of society-how is she racist? You don’t have to agree w/ someone’s opinion to acknowledge that they’re a “trailblazer”. I disagree with RGB but she was a trailblazer.https://t.co/RvMlcVJ55f ",https://www.rt.com/usa/516569-candace-owens-racist-school/
"25 Feb, 2021",Why Black Lives REALLY Matter: Corporate America is fueling race war to deflect attention from massive wealth inequality,"Racial strife in the US today is not a ‘grassroots phenomenon’ born out of exasperated relations between blacks and whites. It is a manufactured crisis being foisted upon the public at a time when populist ideas are in the air. Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Ask the average person on Main Street to describe the biggest news story of 2020 and the blacklivesmatter (BLM) protests will probably take a close second place just behind the Covid-19 pandemic. That answer, however, is more of a reflection of the US media’s unmatched power for shaping the public narrative than an honest assessment of the real problems confronting Americans. Indeed, far more worrisome than racial tensions, and a virus with a 99.75 percent survival rate, is the colossal transfer of wealth to the golden 0.01 percent. Ever since Covid-19 made landfall in January of 2020, America’s 664 billionaires saw their collective worthexplodeto $4.2 trillion, a staggering 44 percent increase from just one year earlier. If ever there was a media story worth pursuing this was it. After all, that historic money grab was fueled by millions of hardworking Americans suddenly being ordered to shelter in place as their small businesses went up in proverbial flames. At the same time, monster companies like Amazon,WalMartand Louis Vuitton, ranked“essential”and apparently impervious to pandemic, happily filled the void. The gatekeepers have gone berserk. They want to gate keep your front door, the door to the restaurant, the schoolhouse steps, the porch of the church, the entry to the capitol, your access to online platforms, and even your mouth and nostrils. Next up: the zipper of your pants Instead of providing a critical assessment of that corporate takeover, the media ran defense for the robber barons, indulging the CEOs as though they were Roman emperors returning home in triumph from military plunder abroad. US News & World Report, for example, apparently confusing the outbreak of a deadly disease with a sporting event,calledguys like Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates“the biggest winners of the coronavirus pandemic.”So much for critical journalism. Incidentally, the reason it was deemed necessary for small business owners to lay down and play dead, the ‘experts’ crowed, was to“save grandma”from the ravages of Covid-19 (in the most consequential presidential election cycle in many decades, no less). Yet, strangely, nobody bothered to ask grandma her opinion on the matter, nor did such concerns prevent infected senior citizens from beingdispatchedto nursing homes, which quickly became the main incubator for coronavirus deaths in the nation. But I digress. As cruel fate would have it, at the same time that the already insanely rich were counting their newfound bullion, George Floyd had the life crushed out of him under the knee of a white police officer. At this point, the media industrial complex could have navigated that tragedy into safe harbor, away from a proverbial shit storm, or straight into the rocks. Predictably, it chose the latter course, blaming Floyd’s death on ‘systemic racism,’ as opposed to other more probable explanations, likepoorly trainedandoverworkedpolice officers who are simply unprepared for the myriad challenges they face every day on the job. What followed was a prime example of the elite, with the complicity of the media, actively promoting civil strife to conceal the rapidly growing wealth divide. Race panic intensifying. No end in sight.https://t.co/nn9Fi7LDab US corporations – the very same entities that were doing gangbuster business amid the pandemic – beganstuffingthe war chests of various social justice groups, notably blacklivesmatter . The financier George Soros, who never met a social uprising he didn’t like, alsoopenedhis wallet to the tune of $220 million. The question must be asked: why would corporations sponsor BLM at the very same time the latter was destroying and looting Main Street, USA as part of their“mostly peaceful”protests? Wouldn’t those donations have been better spent rebuilding the urban centers and SMALL BUSINESSES across the nation that BLM ransacked? Perhaps, but that would have clashed with the media-forged narrative, predicated on the myth of ‘systemic racism,’ that is working to deflect attention away from an anti-establishment mood that has settled on the nation. Another method being employed to foment racial tensions is known as ‘critical race theory (CRT), by far one of the most sinister ideas to emerge from the liberal asylum of academia in a long time. In a nutshell, CRT postulates the notion that all white people, even if they don’t know it, have an inborn sense of racial superiority, which manifests itself in racism, the oppression of minority groups and card-carrying membership in some white supremacist group (at this point, take a moment and ask yourself how many ‘white supremacists’ you know). Banned by Donald Trump last year after it was discovered that CRT was being taught to government employees, President Joe Biden made it one of his first acts as president toreinstatethe radical progressive legislation. Wut.... this seems like blatant racial discrimination to this employment lawyer.https://t.co/IEmpycTP6P Now CRT is back in the spotlight with a vengeance. Just this month it was discovered that Coca-Cola isinstructingits employees to“be less white,”while a Buffalo, New York school district announced it willteachits pupils that“all white people play a part in perpetuating systemic racism.”In short, here we have another one of those radical progressive ideas, much like the transgender movement, which is based more on raw emotions and feelings than any sound science. After all, are black people free of the purported chromosome that has motivated the loathsome white man to oppress minority groups over the centuries? Well, when it is considered that America’s first black president, Barack Obama,droppedover 26,000 bombs on seven foreign countries in his last year in office, while a number of other African Americans, including, but not limited to,Condoleezza Rice,Colin PowellandSusan Ricehave also been very casual about oppressing and killing foreigners, then the so-called ‘science’ behind CRT looks more like sheer quackery. So, what is really going on with regards to race relations in the United States? It is the opinion here, as stated earlier, that the elite, in an effort to deflect attention away from the greatest wealth heist in US history, are hyping ‘systemic racism’ lest the people start asking pesky questions about economic justice, which is certainly in shorter supply now than ever before. Thus, there is a concerted effort by corporations, media, academia and even Hollywood to arouse tensions between blacks and whites when in reality there is very little. That’s certainly not to suggest that racism does not exist in the United States. Of course it does. But to believe that it has reached epidemic levels is simply outlandish and unsupported by the realities on the ground. A rising tide of populism is swelling in the United States and the elite will do absolutely everything in its power, up to and including aggravating racial tensions, to keep the torches and pitchforks at bay. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516562-blm-corporate-america-race-war/
"25 Feb, 2021",Paying the rioters and handcuffing police will only lead to more crime and more victims in minority communities,"Over the last year, the blacklivesmatter movement raised over 90 million dollars as police officers found themselves more restricted in their jobs. By doing this, society enables those who destroy it. is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC During 2020, several US cities were beset by riots. Millions upon millions of dollars of damage was done, lives were lost, all the while a chant of blacklivesmatter was ringing through the air. The organization who has made the chant its name raked in more than $90 millionin 2020. At the same time, we find people still chanting for the defunding of police. Here in my home state of Illinois, our governor has just signed a bill that will make it more difficult for police officers to do their jobs properly. The new law bans chokeholds, and does not allow police officers to purchase what the governor and the Democrats define as military equipment. These things include firearms of .50 caliber or higher and tracked armored vehicles. Given that caliber of round is largely only used in anti-materiel rifles, and Illinois police don t have a tendency to use actual tanks, the ban makes the ‘problem’ look bigger than it is. It not just the letter of the law that is foolish, but the spirit as well. That and the massive amount of money that BLM has brought in show two sides of a sickness plaguing the United States. To put it plainly, there does not exist a single argument to defend police brutality. The problem is blaming the wrong thing for a larger issue. Similar to the mistake made by Chicago activist Early Walker in his push to ban the video game Grand Theft Auto, Americans are blaming military equipment and chokeholds for issues and situations where those were not the problem. There isn t a place where police are gunning down people with anti-materiel rifles and running them over with armored vehicles. We re not a nation that having a Tiananmen Square issue. We are in a place where bad cops need to be dealt with harshly, all the while not punishing the police officers who work diligently to protect their communities. Derek Chauvin kneeling on the neck of George Floyd showed a bad cop doing his job badly. Applying a chokehold does not necessarily show a cop doing his job badly. I very much believe bad cops should be punished, but is the hold the problem? Is the equipment the problem? Of course not. These are scapegoats that will solve nothing when banned, and in many situations the equipment and training that is available saves lives far more than it takes them. When a police officer is told that he could not use a rear naked choke to restrain a subject that is trying to harm him, you take away his options to protect his own life and the lives of others around him. The same can be said of certain bits of equipment used. But I wouldn t expect a politician to understand that. On top of that realization, where does that put the police officers who put their lives on the line every day to protect the community? What message does that send to them? Where does that say our values are? It goes without saying that police should have accountability to the citizens, but it also goes without saying that we shouldn t be rewarding the people who don t defend the neighborhoods. It certainly doesn t incentivize people to become police officers, and it disenfranchises those who are already working the beat. A serious decision needs to be made in America. We as citizens need to decide whether or not we truly value our communities. Do we value them enough to be smarter about these situations? Do we value them enough to enable the people who want places to improve, and seek for the people who burn our cities to be punished? If you re listening to Democratic politicians in the year of our Lord 2021, I m afraid the answer to both questions is a resounding“no.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516557-rioters-police-crime-blm/
"24 Feb, 2021","Hollywood is finally asking questions about the FBI. Maybe now we’ll get some answers about Malcolm X, MLK and others","The real possibility that federal officers were involved in the assassinations of a host of civil rights leaders is finally being explored by filmmakers might, at long last, make Americans notice the excesses of our government. is a Prague-based American journalist, columnist and political commentator. He has a syndicated column at CGTN and is a freelance reporter for international news agencies including Xinhua News Agency. Follow him on Twitter@BradBlank_ is a Prague-based American journalist, columnist and political commentator. He has a syndicated column at CGTN and is a freelance reporter for international news agencies including Xinhua News Agency. Follow him on Twitter@BradBlank_ This week, members of famed civil rights activist Malcolm’s X’s family made public a letterthey described as being written by a former police officer that admits that the New York City Police Department (NYPD) and FBI were responsible for his assassination in 1965. The letter, confirmed as written by former undercover officer Raymond Wood, makes damning allegations that the NYPD and FBI conspired to have Malcolm killed. “Under the direction of my handlers, I was told to encourage leaders and members of the civil rights groups to commit felonious acts,”Wood’s letter stated, alleging that two member of Malcolm’s security detail were entrapped by authorities and arrested. This left them unable to manage door security for him at New York’s Audubon Ballroom on the night of his death, which would later result in the arrest and conviction of three members of the Nation of Islam, an African-American Muslim group that Malcolm was once a promiment member of but later broke with. In terms of whether the idea that Malcolm was really killed by the NYPD in collusion with federal authorities is plausible, there is little doubt that it could have happened. As is the subject of a newly released Netflix film titledJudas and the Black Messiah, the FBI was deeply involved in subverting – and even assassinating – prominent civil rights leaders during its COINTELPRO operations. For example, the subject of that film, Fred Hampton, a charismatic 21-year-old Black Panther party leader in the Chicago area, was assassinated by the FBI in 1969 along with fellow Panther Mark Clark. Identified as a threat by intelligence in 1967 for his organizing work and breakthrough with white labor activists, the FBI began subverting his operations through disinformation before his eventual assassination. In 1982, survivors and relatives of Hampton and Clark won a $1.85 million civil lawsuit paid by the City of Chicago, Cook County and the federal government, which is about as close to an admission of guilt as anyone could expect to get from the feds. Even Martin Luther King Jr., who was seen as a more moderate Black activist compared to Malcolm X or members of the Black Panther Party, was targeted by COINTELPRO. In 1964, he receiveda letterthat he correctly suspected (and was later confirmed) to have been sent by the FBI urging him to commit suicide or else proof of alleged sexual indiscreditions would be made public. There have been a number of dubious convictions of Black leaders as a result of the program including Assata Shakur, who is now a fugitive living in Cuba; Marshall ""Eddie"" Conway; Elmer ""Geronimo"" Pratt, later found innocent in 1997 after serving 27 years in prison; and Mumia Abu-Jamal. Though the FBI publicly claimsthat COINTELPRO ended when the program was exposed in 1971 after activists with the Citizens Commission to Investigate the FBI ransacked an FBI field office in Pennsylvania and found dossiers, there is clear evidence that it continued. One notable case in the 1990s had to do with leading environmentalist and labor leader Judi Bari,who I wrote about in an RT column in January. (Her websitedetails exactly how her involvement with the FBI mirrors the tactics of COINTELPRO). Though there is no definitive evidence connecting these cases to COINTELPRO, we also have the suspicious death of Gary Webb, the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who ran a series claiming that the CIA was selling cocaine to gangs in the U.S. in order to fund paramilities in Latin America in the 1980s.In 2004, after long being cast as a liar by the mainstream media in conjunction with U.S. intelligence, he was found dead with two gunshot wounds to the head in what was ruled a suicide. Then there’s the death ofBuzzfeedjournalist Michael Hastings in 2014. Before the time of his death, he was apparently“onto a big story”on the CIA and believed he was being investigated by the FBI. In what wasdescribed by Former U.S. National Coordinator for Security, Infrastructure Protection, and Counter-terrorism Richard A. Clarkeas being ""consistent with a car cyber attack,”a witness saw Hastings’s cargoing maximum speed and shooting sparks before crashing into a palm tree in Los Angeles. His body was burned beyond recognition. The entire subject of this program, though it was huge news in the 1960s and 1970s and is a matter of public record, is so unbelievable and heinous that average Americans find it hard to believe, even conspiratorial in nature. It’s great that Hollywood has now given the opportunity to publicly revisit this subject because not only did COINTELPRO clearly continue past its official end, a program like this could happen again – if it isn’t still ongoing. Fred Hampton is widely known and celebrated on the political left. He was a charismatic figure that understood the intersections of oppression in American society and used this to organize across racial lines. Finally Hollywood is telling his story and giving him some of the messianic status the FBI wanted to steal from him. On the other hand, Malcolm X, though he is indeed a polarizing figure, is a more visible figure in public consciousness. If indeed it is the case that he was killed by police, which is highly likely and is already being investigated by the office of Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance, then the country really needs to have a serious conversation about these kinds of activities by U.S. intelligence. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516500-holllywood-asking-questions-fbi/
"24 Feb, 2021",All that race-baiting for nothing? Poll shows most black Britons don’t share BLM’s passion for toppling statues & attacking cops,"After fuelling protests and racial tension, the UK’s blacklivesmatter movement will be shocked to find most black Britons happy to leave statues of historical figures on their plinths and feel no urge to overthrow capitalism. As the trembling woke jellies of the liberal establishment continue to wring their hands over those problematic statues in our parks and town centres, a new report has polled what Britain’s black community think on this issue and the results will shock some. Tearing down tributes to historical figures, brawling with the police and dismantling capitalism? It turns out these are not the popular ideas some would have us believe. Which should be a surprise. Because self-appointed social media commentators, columnists in the liberal press and the noisy throng pushing an unfiltered blacklivesmatter agenda have been insisting for a year now that Britain is in thrall to a racist, colonialist, imperialist past and anything that even whiffs of this must be torn down and destroyed or shamefully hidden in the basements of our museums never to see the light of day again. But areportby the Henry Jackson Society, entitledBLM: A Voice for all Black Britons?found a clear majority of Britain black community find the whole idea of statue toppling and other BLM goals at odds with how they actually feel. The think tank found that only one in six black Britons believe tearing down a statue is a legitimate form of protest, according to polling conducted for its report. As for the BLM’s other stated goals of dismantling“imperialism, capitalism, white supremacy, patriarchy and the state structures that disproportionately harm black people in Britain,”well, they have a similar level of support among the black community (25 percent) as they do among the wider population (23 percent). The question, therefore, has to be asked: With more than three quarters of the country holding an opposite view to what underpins their student-level politics and obsessive victimhood, who or what does BLM represent? Like so many hard-left organisations, BLM wants to be everything to everyone and in doing so has lost sight of the people and the cause that it first claimed to champion. Just check out theirwebsiteif you want proof. Riding in the slipstream of the powerful US pioneers of BLM, who had serious and legitimate causes for concern over racism brought to a boil with the death of George Floyd, the UK offshoot managed to stir up public sentiment towards the police but nowhere near the extent that it managed to raise the mob against statues. The sight of white men rolling a bronze likeness of a long-dead Edward Colston along the street to be dumped in Bristol harbour was as ridiculous as it was puzzling. What did this have to do with BLM? The Henry Jackson poll seems to show that the majority of Britain’s black community were not okay with trashing history and promoting cancel culture. Quite the reverse, in fact. And when it came to using violence against the police, even less support was evident, at just five percent. While it remains difficult to pin down who exactly is in charge of BLM in the UK or what they actually do, there were rumblings of activity last week as a slew of disparate groups were announced as beneficiaries as the organisation distributed half the £1.2 million in donations it received from itscrowdfunding site last year. Among recipients there was cash for police monitoring services, a domestic violence organisation, an outfit that deals with LGBTQI refugees and asylum seekers, and a charity that helps those affected by cancer, long-term health conditions and Covid-19. All worthy causes, no doubt, but I find it hard to believe that these are the intended beneficiaries that people were donating their hard-earned cash towards last summer. Most donors at that time would have imagined their money going to the families of young black men who had died at the hands of white policemen. In Britain. The problem with that belief is that while these cases do exist, they are not that common. Our law enforcement system is a long way from perfect but it is streets ahead of what they have in the USA, largely because the police here are mainly unarmed which drastically reduces the tension during arrest or even stop and search. Add a gun to the mix and a life can be taken in an instant. In the absence of victims from police brutality, BLM has spread its charity far and wide even beyond the shores of Great Britain, to a Spanish labour union and a South African shack dwellers’ movement. All things to everyone. This should wake up the woke institutions like the National Trust and theBritish Museum, who swallowed the BLM agenda hook, line and sinker, and couldn’t shutter historical landmarks or cart off colonial artefacts to Big Yellow Storage quick enough lest the culture police start banging on the door. The Department of Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) has told them to lift their game and ensure they continue to give a rounded view of Britain’s history instead of, asone ministerput it, bowing to the wishes of“town hall militants and woke worthies.” Now, thanks to this timely intervention from the DCMS and the Henry Jackson Society report, there may be a reset on the toxic and divisive public conversation that has preoccupied many over the last year and we can leave those statues of Winston Churchill, Francis Drake and Horatio Nelson in situ. After all, as most people agree, they are fine just where they are. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516491-blm-race-baiting-police-statues-uk/
"24 Feb, 2021",Protests erupt after jury decides NOT to indict officers involved in black man Daniel Prude’s death in custody (VIDEOS)," blacklivesmatter protesters have taken to the streets of Rochester, New York after a jury refused to indict officers whose actions contributed to the death of Daniel Prude from asphyxiation during an arrest last year. Protesters in Rochester scaled police barricades as they marched down the city streets on Tuesday, venting anger at the grand jury, which effectively exonerated officers who played a role in Prude’s death last March. Over the Child St barricadespic.twitter.com/jjAMrOP4X4 Demonstrators, some carrying blacklivesmatter flags, chanted“Say his name, Daniel Prude.” Protesters march down Jefferson Ave for Daniel Prude. ⁦@DandC⁩pic.twitter.com/hKj9Z72TkN Part of the crowd then headed to a police station on Child and Campbell streets. Just ordered all people with shields to the front@RochesterNYPDriot line has moved back somepic.twitter.com/4lsL6BYePo Protesters and police came to a brief standoff there, with officers in riot gear forming a line between the station and the crowd, barring them from moving closer. Face to face on Cild Stpic.twitter.com/DZwZSnFQtb However, it was not long before police retreated inside the building. A group of police stands in between the protesters and a police sub station.pic.twitter.com/w1h9UUx7kA Police have gone back insidepic.twitter.com/IwpUy5A0Mc Candidate for City Council and Free the People organizer Stanley Martin, who spoke at the march, called for the city police force to be disbanded.“The future does not include the RPD [Rochester Police Department] and I know that for a fact,”he said, as cited by the Democrat & Chronicle newspaper. The group, whichsaysit is“building on the legacy of Black liberations,”has publicly called for the abolition and defunding of police and“the prison industrial complex.” Rochester police urged the protesters to refrain from violence.“RPD supports the rights of our citizens to peacefully protest as the U.S. Constitution allows,”theysaid. Police attempted to seal off a highway exit with a row of squad cars in a bid to prevent protesters from interfering with traffic. Protesters attempting to block freeway#DanielPrudeprotestpic.twitter.com/yXw98AcCRE However, as the crowd approached the exit, police gave way, allowing them to enter the highway as they marched towards City Hall. Police have moved out of the waypic.twitter.com/GBAwHpS6jN Currently getting off the highwaypic.twitter.com/NnYrVh6nm7 Large-scale protests over Prude’s death in police custody first rocked Rochester last September, when body cam video of his March 2020 arrest was released. In the footage, Prude, 41, is seen stark naked on the ground and under the influence of the drug PCP, as was later determined. After the officers put him in handcuffs, he began spitting at them and demanded they give him a gun. As his behavior grew increasingly erratic, one of the officers, Mark Vaughn, placed a spit hood around his head. During the ensuing altercation, the officer pressed Prude’s head to the ground, which led to his death due to“complications of asphyxia.”It was determined that his use of drugs contributed to his death. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/516414-rochester-protest-daniel-prude/
"23 Feb, 2021","Wayne Dupree: Nations rise and fall, and America’s now in danger of falling. I’ve never been more pessimistic about its fate","Democrat attempts to overturn a certified election result that went against them in Iowa shows what hypocritical manipulators they are and reveals their real intent – to seize complete control over every aspect of our lives. Wayne Dupreewas invited to the White House to talk to President Trump on messaging to the black community. He was named in Newsmax’s top 50 Influential African-American Republicans in 2017, and, in 2016, served as a board member of the National Diversity Coalition for Donald Trump. Before entering politics, he served for eight years in the US Air Force. His website is here:www.waynedupree.com. Follow him on Twitter@WayneDupreeShow I’m 52 years old and have never been more discouraged about our country than I am now. I’m glad I’m as old as I am, because I pity the coming generations. Nations rise, and, sadly, nations fall. Good luck, youngsters. America is divided in a way we’ve not seen since for 160 years. Our elections are chaotic, Third World-ish and always in question. ‘Wokeness’ is destroying people’s lives and futures. Political correctness is being deployed as a corrosive, destructive tool by the left. Censorship and lying are the norms for our so-called media. Propaganda outlets like NBC, ABC, CBS, MSNBC, CNN, and sometimes even FOX, have undermined our democratic system and replaced it with media bias and bigotry against any and every conservative. BLM and Antifa are being fully supported by Democrats and the likes of George Soros. The teachers’ unions are harming our children’s futures by blackmailing for more money and teaching leftist programs. A man who should be in an old people’s home is signing executive orders placed in front of him by leftists who are continuing to do everything they can to weaken the country. Who would implement directives that purposely harm their own country? The left is going to destroy voting and elections systematically, just as Rush Limbaugh predicted. If you find it hard to win elections legitimately, why not just get rid of them? They’re so damn inconvenient, after all. An illustration of what awaits us is the move by the Democrat-led House of Representatives to investigate whether they should remove the legitimate winner ofIowa’s2nd Congressional District, Republican Mariannette Miller-Meeks, who won the district by just six votes. The race has the distinction of being one of the closest federal elections ever held. The beaten candidate, Democrat Rita Hart, has begged Nancy Pelosi to look at the election as she felt votes were improperly discarded. Politicoreported,“The House Administration Committee gathered Friday afternoon virtually to finalize the process by which it will adjudicate Hart’s claim, which was filed under the Federal Contested Elections Act. The committee has been largely silent since Hart first made her contest in December, but the hearing suggests preparing to review the matter further. At the center of Hart’s complaint are 22 ballots that her campaign says were improperly rejected.” A Democrat Lost By Six Votes, Now The U.S. House May Throw Out Election Results To Let Her Winhttps://t.co/fCrdKc1Tw8The U.S. House of Representatives is set to consider whether Republican Rep. Mariannette Miller-Meeks, the Republican winner in ...pic.twitter.com/KsjBb6Xu8n How is this even legal? If Congress has the power to ‘judge’ on its members’ elections, then what is the point in conducting elections where citizens vote for their chosen candidate? Contested elections should be decided by their particular electorate and not by people who aren’t even part of the contested district. In this case, the state of Iowa has certified that Miller-Meeks was the winner and is their representative. The House overturning it would mean stripping the state of Iowa and the people of their right to choose their representatives, in favor of just having the Democrat-controlled House choose whoever they wish – their own, of course. The House should have no say in this. I think we are witnessing how the socialist takeover will be handled. Democrats don’t like the outcome in Iowa because they didn’t cheat well enough to steal the victory; they twist and bastardize the Constitution until they get what they want. This is just a first step. The left will not stop until they get what they really need to achieve their complete control – to disarm us. The Second Amendment is in their crosshairs. So wake up, America. What they want is power over you. Democrats can create these shenanigans over elections because they know they will have cover from a mainstream media which serves as an arm of their party. ‘We the people’ need to focus our attention on the media. As millions of conservatives, we need to be organized to begin a prolonged internet barrage/swarming of all left-wing organizations’ websites, email servers, phones, etc. To be clear, I’m not proposing harm to anyone, just proposing how we as a large group can register customer complaints that can’t be ignored. But it has to be organized and widespread to have the desired impact. And the hypocrisy of all this Iowa stuff stinks to high heaven. When Republicans cry foul over elections, with proof of corruption and ballot stuffing, they’re labeled as ‘insurrectionists’ for trying to overthrow a certified election. When the Democrats do the same, without any proof, they’re hailed as upholders of justice and democracy. If that’s how they want to play it, how about we have an independent review of all such disputed elections and the irregularities around them? We could start with Georgia. I think that thorough investigations would produce a shocking number of overturned elections in favor of the usually-non-offending party’s candidates (aka, the Republicans). ​But the chances of the Dems agreeing to any independent inquiry into their dodgy election activities is zero, of course. Mark my words: The left and the Democrats are the greatest clear and present danger to our country, much more so than Russia or China or any other so-called enemy combined. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516355-wayne-dupree-iowa-election/
"23 Feb, 2021",Cancelling national heroes makes us historically illiterate and will create an identity crisis for our young people,"A headteacher in England has confirmed he is erasing the names of significant historical figures from his school after a pupil complained. But this lack of respect for the past will cause major problems in future. is an author and social commentator. He is an emeritus professor of sociology at the University of Kent in Canterbury. Author ofHow Fear Works: The Culture of Fear in the 21st Century.Follow him on Twitter@Furedibyte is an author and social commentator. He is an emeritus professor of sociology at the University of Kent in Canterbury. Author ofHow Fear Works: The Culture of Fear in the 21st Century.Follow him on Twitter@Furedibyte You could not make it up! The primary school headteacherannouncedthat the names of houses named after some of Britain’s greatest historical figures will be replaced with those of Greta Thunberg, Marcus Rashford, Malala Yousafzai, and Amanda Gorman. Apparently, the cancelled historical heroes – Sir Walter Raleigh, Lord Nelson, and Sir Francis Drake – are too“oppressive”for the headteacher and some of his colleagues. Lee Hill, the headteacher of Howden Junior School in East Yorkshire, is an enthusiastic supporter of the campaign to disconnect Britain from its past. He is also an exemplar of the historical illiteracy that pervades many schools in this country. Apparently, Hill decided to act in response to a letter from a former pupil, who condemned the“despicable deeds”of Nelson, Drake, and Raleigh. The headteacher decided to share the news on Twitter, praising the“courage”of the child“who made a stand.” Hill’s response to a letter from a young pupil is illustrative of a tendency for reversing the role of adult and child. Hill proudly boasts that he has been educated by reading the letter from the child. He remarked how, during the blacklivesmatter protests, he received a“passionate and brave”email from a former pupil. And he added,“This pupil not only educated me about the history of the three house names – that sat on our website, in our hall and were raised as ambassadors for our school – but also explained the impact of seeing these figures – who have links to slavery, oppression and racism – had on her during her time at our school.” It is a sad state of affairs when, in the absence of historical knowledge, a headteacher needs to be educated by a child about the roles of Nelson, Drake, and Raleigh. It is a tragedy when someone in charge of educating young children is so out of his historical depth that he confuses propaganda directed at de-legitimating Britain’s past with what actually occurred. It appears that changing the name of the school’s houses is not a big deal, since according to the headteacher there was no“tangible reason”to keep them – none of the pupils knew who the names referred to, as they were not part of the curriculum. Without a hint of embarrassment, Hill exposes his school’s lack of interest in the historical legacy that it embraced when it decided its houses should be named after these heroes from Britain’s past. One wonders what a child thought when he joined Nelson House. That Nelson was a football player or a celebrity chef, maybe? The practice of keeping children ignorant of their past is one thing. Spoiling the name and reputation of important historical heroes is to rob children of a cultural legacy they require to make their way in the world. Unfortunately, the project of transforming Britain’s past into a dark drama of evil deeds has acquired unprecedented influence in institutions of culture and education. Turning young people against their past and encouraging them to feel a sense of shame about where they come from irrevocably disorients them and creates a crisis of identity. Back in 1941, George Orwell remarked that“England is perhaps the only great country where intellectuals are ashamed of their own nationality.”Were he alive today, even Orwell would be surprised by the expansion of such sentiments through Britain’s institutions of education. He would no doubt tell us that fighting for a nation’s historical memory is no less important than defending Britain from the threat of an armed invasion. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516362-cancel-national-heroes-uk/
"22 Feb, 2021",‘Taking the knee can’t change systemic racism’: Ex-footballer John Barnes supports players deciding not to kneel (VIDEO),"John Barnes admits taking the knee can t ""change systemic racism"" and supports players finding alternatives, believing focus should be on combatting socio-political discrimination rather than isolated incidents of racial abuse. ByDanny Armstrong Danny Armstrong is a Moscow-based British journalist, reporter and presenter for RT Sport. Follow him on Twitter@DannyWArmstrong Barnes’ career with Liverpool, where he was twice a league winner, and England inspired generations of youngsters and future footballers, and at the time of his retirement from international football he had won more England caps than any other black player with 79 appearances for the Three Lions. The 57-year-old has been vocal on the issue of systematic racism that he believes has pervaded sporting institutions and the impact on sport of worldwide protests since the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis in May 2020. In the wake of Floyd death, the English Premier League adopted the gesture of taking a knee before kick off, aiming to promote racial equality and show solidarity with the blacklivesmatter movement. The decision was almost unanimously accepted but did not come without its detractors. Several high-profile figures, including Crystal Palace’s Wilfred Zaha, labeled the action“degrading”and insisted black players should instead“stand tall”.Championship teams Bournemouth and Brentford announced in club statements they would no longer partake in the custom, saying it had“run its course”. Les Ferdinand, a former England teammate of Barnes and now director of football at London team Queens Park Rangers – one of the first clubs to discontinue the action – said taking the knee had""been diluted""and dismissed it as a fad similar to a""fancy hashtag"". In an interview with RT Sport, Barnes agreed the gesture""cannot change systematic racism""and said he encourages players in all sports to find other avenues to do more than replicate a token gesture to highlight the issue within the game. “First of all, taking the knee highlights the problem, and it been highlighting the problems since the George Floyd situation,""Barnes told RT Sport via Zoom. ""That all. We can t do anything to change people perceptions.Taking a knee, walking off or appealing or refusing to play can t change systematic racism when you have a policeman who is going to stop or shoot a black person because his perception of him, unconsciously or not, is that he a crook. “He not going to think to himself, if I shoot or stop this black person, the LA Lakers aren’t gonna play basketball so I m not going to do it. So all sport can do, because it media tentative and high-profile, is highlight the problem. ""Now, we ve been highlighting the problem in the Champions League, passing it around the line saying no to racism for 15 years. And nothing has changed. “So if people feel that all they can do is highlight it, then take a knee. But if they feel they want to do more and taking a knee is a token gesture – and in many respects it is just a token gesture – if they decide not to do it because they want to do something else, I m fine [with that]. ""I wouldn t be taking a knee.However, I don t say that people shouldn t be taking a knee. But taking a knee does nothing apart from highlight the problem."" Barnes was careful to make the distinction between focussing on isolated events of racism and racial inequality, and insisted the finer details of discrimination lie much more deeply, such as the lack of available education for black people in the poorer, inner-city areas. Racism in football has been apparent in pockets of support such as when England’s UEFA 2020 qualifier against Bulgaria in Sofia in 2019 was twice halted after the home section was infiltrated by neo-fascist groups who made monkey chants and Nazi salutes at England’s black players. Another more prevalent but less easily manageable problem has emerged on social media, where a number of players, including Manchester United’s Anthony Martial, Arsenal’s Willian and Swansea City’s Yan Dhanda, were among those racially abused on Twitter and Instagram after poor performances for their club. Barnes believes the problem is much deeper and says that the energy used to focus on numerous isolated incidents would be better centered on the root cause of the issue. He suggests opening a dialogue on socio-economic problems minorities face, as well as black-on-black violence in the inner-cites. “We have to analyze or decide what we think racial inequality is. Black kids in the inner cities can t get an education, access to housing, social care and jobs and are discriminated against every single day as they walk down the street. For me, that racial inequality,""he said. “Now, while that what we should focus on, we should also try to stamp out racist incidents as we see them. But for that black player who talks about racial inequality, who for six days of the week, six-and-a-half days of the week, can go to the front of any line in front of white people can get into any club, any restaurant will have doors open for him – is that racial inequality? “So we have to decide what we believe racial equality to be and what our focus has to be, from a planning perspective and a sporting perspective. “There are enough elite people talking about getting Bulgaria banned and getting some idiots off social media. How many people are talking about the real problem where kids are killing each other in inner-cities every single day? “We ve got to stamp out bananas [being thrown] on the field, but we seem to be not only highlighting but focusing all our energy and money on trying to get Bulgaria banned and trying to get a 12-year-old football fan sent to prison or trying to get some idiot who can t spell his own name, who is happy for people to talk about him by going on social media and abusing a black. ""The real problems that are happening in the inner-cities which has kept black people down for hundreds of years and willcontinue to do so which are being ignored. That, for me, is what I m interested in [working on].” One prominent figure in the fight against inequality is Manchester United and England forward Marcus Rashford, who has campaigned for poverty-stricken UK children to receive government subsidized meals during the Covid-19 pandemic. Barnes says more high-profile players such as Rashford should be using their platform to challenge government policy and help black people in the poorer inner-city areas, challenging disproportionate misrepresentation at a fundamental level and within the elite to benefit 99% of blacks, rather than just 1% . “He the one who doing it,""Barnes says of Rashford.""He s [saying], forget about race, it an underprivileged situation whereby black kids are disproportionately represented in that sphere. ""He talking about trying to change things for them. He not talking about alternatives for him. And he not also saying, I m going to give you £20,000 of my own money. “What he saying is that he can use his platform to change government, principle, government policy, which he has done to then say, we re going to feed inner-city kids throughout the summer holidays. ""Imagine if more black players – not just athletes, superstars – were to do that. That would help 99% of the black community. We re trying to help 1% of the black community, and the elite are not doing that. So that not what I m about."" As a player who inspired a generation of youngsters regardless of race, Barnes career mirrors that of current star Rashford in more ways than one, as the two are now engaged in combating socio-political discrimination by using their platforms as prominent sports stars. Barnes thinks to ensure the message is carried to future generations, the focus should remain on making life better in the poorest areas of society. ""It depends on what continues to happen. [Rashford could] continue to look at social issues and take on a stance, saying I am going to try and help the black kids in a city kids in which are disproportionately represented. ""[He could] then say, well, what we need now is more black men in the boardroom, and more black managers ... forget about what going on the inner cities, forget sports. ""This has been happening for 1,000 years: an elite group of people who wanted more power for themselves have used the people as an excuse to say, I will help the people by me getting more power. "" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/516174-john-barnes-blm-taking-knee/
"21 Feb, 2021",RT News - February 21 2021 (17:00 MSK),"Moscow warns that Brussels is politicizing the fight against the pandemic as the Kremlin hits back at controversial comments from the head of the European Union, casting doubt over Russia Covid vaccine. Australians launch a campaign to boycott Facebook after it bans news posts in the country. The tech giant made the move over a proposed law to make social networks pay for news content. We put the issue up for debate. Dozens dead, and millions left without power and water, as authorities struggle to cope with crippling winter storms in the South of the US. Two blacklivesmatter activists have been arrested for attacking a conservative journalist who was covering their rally. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/news/516193-rtnews-february-21-17msk/
"21 Feb, 2021","If, as the Buddhists suggest, we should ‘drive all blames into one,’ we may as well blame the Great Reset for our dystopia","The Great Reset is on everyone’s mind – or should be. It can be blamed for woke madness, cancel culture, Covid lockdowns, Antifa/BLM riots, Big Tech censorship, and the endless propaganda coming out of mainstream media. is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf There’s a Tibetan Buddhist practice called“lojong”(mind-training) that uses short slogans for training the mind to lessen daily suffering. I’ve found that one of the most useful of the slogans is“drive all blames into one.” We are faced every day with inevitable troubles, and often go about looking for their sources – not only to solve the troubles but also to find likely targets for blaming them on. The point of driving all blames into one is to short-circuit our suffering. Rather than looking for someone or something to blame for each and every problem, this slogan suggests that we blame one thing for all of them. Tibetan Buddhists might blame suffering itself. In our contemporary dystopian predicament, I suggest blaming everything on the Great Reset. And why not? Focusing on the Great Reset really can be good mental training for dealing with the political and social malaise that afflicts us. Therefore, if we can define this one target, we will go a long way toward lessening our suffering. My job here is to convince you of the horrors of the Great Reset so that it can become the sole object of all your blaming. Rather than yielding to the comments below, or to the so-called“conspiracy theories”bandied about on the web, let’s take the language of Klaus Schwab and the World Economic Forum (WEF) at face value and go from there. We shall see that our concern about the Great Reset is not, after all, as the New York Times would have it, abaselessconspiracy theory. The Great Reset is the decades-old brainchild of Schwab and company. But only within the past year has the Great Reset gained a foothold in public consciousness and become the almost universally recognized agenda of the WEF, and, by extension, of corporations and world governments. In their bookCovid-19:The Great Reset, WEF founder and executive chairman Klaus Schwab and Thierry Malleret write that the Covid-19 crisis should be regarded as an“opportunity [that can be] seized to make the kind of institutional changes and policy choices that will put economies on the path toward a fairer, greener future.”See that? The Great Re-setters have been there all the time, just waiting to seize on something to justify their plans. If climate change didn’t work, then Covid damn well better. And they are working night and day to make sure that it does. But just how do they mean to go about this Great Reset? To usher in“fairness,”the Great Reset aims to reset the economy to“stakeholder capitalism,”as a replacement for“shareholder”capitalism. Stakeholdercapitalisminvolves the consideration of“customers, suppliers, employees, and local communities”in addition to shareholders in the business operations of the world’s major corporations and governments. A stakeholder is anyone or any group that stands to benefit or lose from corporate behavior – other than competitors, we may suppose. Stakeholder capitalism involves changes to the behavior of corporations with respect to carbon use but also in terms of the distribution of benefits and“externalities”or detriments that corporations produce. By fairness, the Great Reset means much more than the“equitable”distribution of goods and detriments in terms of“environmental justice.”According to the WEF, corporate responsibility must be redefined in terms of“social justice”as well. This includes compensation to black people, the indigenous, and people of color (BIPOC). BIPOC are special stakeholders in stakeholder capitalism. In addition to BIPOC, special stakeholders also includeLGBTQ+persons as well. Guess who is going to pay for all this environmental and social justice? That’s right – you. But don’t worry – you’ll just have to give up your property. I can now name the evil socio-economic system aimed at by the Great Reset:corporate socialism.“Fairness,”you see, means an“equality”without property for the masses. “Welcome to my city – or should I say, ‘our city,’”writesa blogger for the WEF.“I don t own anything. I don t own a car. I don t own a house. I don t own any appliances or any clothes.”This report from 2030 is“not a utopia or dream of the future,”we are told. Yet the future just so happens to meet all the criteria of the Great Reset. Moreover, this propertyless future“makes perfect sense”to the city dweller of 2030, when property has become unnecessary due to the conversion of most goods into“services.” But what of the corporate producers of goods and services? We must assume that their ownership will not be disrupted. After all, corporations still need to produce the services that the city dwellers“enjoy.”While the city-dwellers will own nothing, they will still need to pay for the services made available by what can only be a corporate oligarchy, which will hold a veritable monopoly over production. After all, where could competition come from when the majority owns nothing? This is corporate socialism. This brings us to the first element explained in terms of the Great Reset. As defined by true believers, wokeness is enhanced awareness of social and political injustice and the determination to eradicate it. But what could wokeness have to do with the Great Reset? First of all, wokeness is not aimed at the sufferers whose complaints, or imagined complaints, it means to redress. Wokeness works on the majority, the supposed beneficiaries of injustice. It does so by making the majority understand that it has benefitted from“privilege”and preference – based on birthplace, skin color, gender, sexual proclivity, gender identity, and the domination of nature, etcetera. This majority must be rehabilitated, as it were. The masses must understand that they have gained whatever advantages they have hitherto enjoyed on the basis of the unfair treatment of others, either directly or indirectly. The“privilege”of the majority has come at the expense of those minorities designated as the beneficiaries of wokeness, and wokeness is the means for rectifying these many injustices. And what are the effects of being repeatedly reprimanded as such – of being told that one has been the beneficiary of unmerited“privilege,”that one’s relative wealth and well-being have come at the expense of oppressed, marginalized, and misused Others? Shame, guilt, remorse, unworthiness. The solution is to give up your property. Cancel culture is a tool of wokeness, a weapon for debunking the“privileged,”a levelling perfectly aligned with stripping you of your property. Cancel culture not only reduces the status of its victims but also serves a premonitory role for others, the onlookers of cancellations. They learn that they counter woke ideology at their own peril. Cancel culture keeps the majority in line as wokeness erases their“privilege,”drawing down the majority into the propertyless future. The Covid-19 lockdowns, and to a lesser extent the leftist riots, have been moving us toward the corporate socialism of the Great Reset. The draconian lockdown measures employed by leaders of nation states, regions and cities, and the destruction perpetrated by the rioters, just so happen to be doing the work that corporate socialists like the WEF and their collaborators want done. In addition to destabilizing nation-states, these policies are helping to destroy small businesses, thus eliminating competitors. As small businesses have been crushed by the combination of draconian lockdowns and riotous lunacy, corporate giants like Amazon have thrived like never before. As BBC Newsnoted, at least three of the tech giants – Amazon, Apple and Facebook – have appreciated massive gains during the lockdowns, gains which were abetted, to a lesser extent, by riots that cost at least $1 billion to $2 billion in property damages. During the three months ending in June, Amazon’s“quarterly profit of $5.2bn (£4bn) was the biggest since the company start in 1994 and came despite heavy spending on protective gear and other measures due to the virus.”Amazon’s sales rose by 40 percent in the three months ending in June. Likewise, the lockdowns and riots have done much work toward resetting the economy in the direction of the Great Reset. They have eliminated competition for the corporate-state oligarchs and moved us in the direction of the two-tiered, neo-feudalistic,“corporate socialist”economy. As would-be monopolists, Big Tech stands to gain directly from the Great Reset agenda. The Big Tech cartel’s attempts to eliminate competition and competing views is of a piece with these monopolistic consolidation efforts. Big Tech and mainstream media aid the Great Reset agenda through censorship and the dissemination of propaganda. Mainstream and social media censor all views that run contrary to the promoted, official narratives regarding climate change, Covid, systemic racism, transgenderism, woke ideology, cancel culture, and all the other essential narrative elements for the Great Reset. And it openly gaslights those who seek and find evidence that runs contrary to these narratives. If you aren’t yet convinced that the Great Reset is the source of all your suffering, you should be. For the Great Reset is not a conspiracy theory; it’s a conspiracy fact, and you, my friends, are the ones having your lives reset according to its precepts. So, drive all blames into one. Blame the Great Reset for everything that ails you. Even if you are mistaken, you will decrease your suffering by doing so. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516072-great-reset-covid19-woke/
"21 Feb, 2021",FIGHT TRAINING clip of kids sees journo lament Russians are being trained as ‘YOUNG HOCKEY BEASTS’ as Americans play video games,"A controversial video of Russian youth hockey players being instructed in how to brawl was seemingly held up by a US outlet as an example of children learning toughness and competitiveness while American kids play video games. Daily Caller writer David Hookstead posted an article about the viral video on Saturday, showing children in protective hockey gear trading heavy-gloved punches to the helmet as a coach yells instructions. At one point, the coach holds a student by the shirt and throws a slow-motion punch to the facemask to demonstrate the proper technique to the team. Россия, наши дни. Это позорище. Это мы так готовим хоккеистов? Скоро никакого хоккея вообще не будет в нашей стране.pic.twitter.com/qeDx91lKDa The video was so controversial back in Russia that it prompted an investigation by theRussian Ice Hockey Federation(FHR). The coach targeted by the probe reportedly teaches a team of seven- and eight-year-olds at a school in Moscow. Some Russian observers, including sports commentators, were appalled by the fight training, while others said young players should be prepared for an integral part of the game. The FHR made it clear where it stands, saying on Friday that the""Red Machine""national hockey program""explicitly prohibits""such training methods. It vowed to""strictly suppress""improper training methods at all Russian hockey schools. But Hookstead saw an admirable side of the fighting workout – one to be envied – saying Russia is""trying to crank out someyoung hockey beasts.""He added,""American kids are busy playing video games and eating junk food, while the Russians are teaching their young how to beat the living hell out of each other."" We can t get kids outside, and Russia is training its youth to brawl. If that not a concern to you as an American, then go ahead and take a lap because you need to wise up. Hookstead apparently struck a nerve with his readers, as some followers reacted by joking about the softness of American children and agreeing that teaching more toughness would be beneficial.""We re gonna create more bathrooms for fake genders, eliminate competition of any kind and hand out free stuff to people who made bad choices,""one commenter said. Nah we’re gonna create more bathrooms for fake genders, eliminate competition of any kind and hand out free stuff to people who made bad choices. Another reader quipped,""How are we supposed to raise tough kids if they aren t punching each other in the face at 8 years old?"" How are we suppose to raise tough kids if they aren’t punching each other in the face at 8 years old? But like most everything in the US nowadays, the discussion took on a political bent, with supporters of President Joe Biden and blacklivesmatter bashing the article. One such observer brought the issue full circle, alleging a possibly sinister motivation for Hookstead praise of the fighting class. ""I wonder if the Kremlin gives the Daily Caller money like they do with the Federalist,""self-described gamer and blacklivesmatter supporter Rick Hennig said. I wonder if the Kremlin gives the Daily Caller money like they do with The Federalist. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/516187-us-reacts-youth-hockey-fighting/
"20 Feb, 2021","Forget the real science, Harvard researchers say RACISM causes Covid, and REPARATIONS are the vaccine","Harvard scientists claim that slavery reparations could have saved black Americans from dying disproportionately from Covid-19. But their argument harms the very people they set out to protect. Some of their logic makes sense. Studying the population of Louisiana, one of the US’ most segregated states, the scientistsfoundthat African-Americans there were more than three times more likely to die of Covid-19 than whites last year, as they tend to live in crowded housing and work in ‘frontline’ occupations like nursing. They’re also more likely to be in prison or jail, where outbreaks can spread rapidly. Some is woke hokum, like the idea that“structural racism, violently-seized privilege, and continuous trauma from racial terror and dehumanization”have helped the pathogen infect and kill them, and the notion that the target ‘R zero’ reproduction rate of the virus is somehow“symbolic violence,”a piece of mental gymnastics that one clearly needs a Harvard PhD to make sense of. “Our study simply gives yet another example of how racism gets into people’s bodies and makes them sick, which can be added to this litany [of evidence for reparations],”study author Dr. Eugene RichardsontoldCNN. The solution, the scientists declare, is to pay every single African-American in the US $250,000 as reparations for the enslavement of their ancestors, a move they say would lower infection rates by 31 to 68 percent. While such a princely sum would afford many the opportunity to avoid infection by living in better housing, avoid crime and incarceration, and training for better jobs than frontline ones, it would also cost $10.5 trillion nationwide, or half the US’ entire GDP and more than twice the federal government’s yearly budget. By tying the fight against the coronavirus into the recently popularized concept of reparations, the Harvard team have guaranteed headlines for their study, and given the woke crowd another cudgel with which to beat poor old whitey. And the media is all over it, reporting the study’s findings in depth over the last couple of days. Had reparations been introduced well before the pandemic and lessened the equity gap between Black and Whites, coronavirus transmission in Louisiana could ve been reduced between 31% and 68% for residents of all races, a new study has foundhttps://t.co/VPjBT8wTkG “Our study simply gives yet another example of how#racismgets into people’s bodies & makes them sick.” —Dr Eugene Richardson#Reparationshttps://t.co/PxFkQ9dxto However, in doing so they’ve ignored a literal elephant in the room. The study compared Covid deaths in Louisiana with those in South Korea, which was selected due to its relatively homogenized, egalitarian society. However, Korea is full of Koreans, and Louisiana is full of African-Americans. Korea has an obesity rate of four percent, while the African-American obesity rate in Louisiana stands at42 percent, more than ten times that of South Korea. Multiplestudieshave linked obesity with African-American Covid deaths and hospitalizations, including one specifically focused on Louisiana that found obesity to be“a significant determinant of disease severity in an African American population.”Regardless of race, obesity is a significant predictor of Covid severity, onenoticedby doctors at the outset of the pandemic. A quarter of a million dollars could probably help most people avoid infection, but lifting weights or going for a jog wouldn’t cost the taxpayer $10.5 trillion. The Harvard team’s aim is clearly not disease prevention, but political agitation. The notion of what ‘racism’ is has evolved in recent years, and the word no longer describes the mistreatment of another based on their ethnicity, but an ever-present specter to which all the world’s ills can be attributed. It’s Orwell’s Emmanuel Goldstein, Pol Pot’s intellectualism, the republicanparty ’s socialism. Invoking it generates rage and pats its supposed victims on the head, while nothing changes. Reparations will probably never happen, at least not to the tune of $10.5 trillion, but in publishing the study, the Harvard scientists have signalled that they’re on the“right side of history,”to quote a beloved liberal affirmation. It’s worth noting too that the study justifies the existence of the Lancet Commission on Reparations and Redistributive Justice, whose researchers collaborated on it. Back in the world of real science, the higher black mortality rate has also been attributed to vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D deficiency has beenlinkedto Covid-19 deaths broadly, with one study finding that patients deficient in this vitamin were nearlyfour timesas likely to die from the coronavirus. In the US, black people aremore likelyto be vitamin D deficient, possibly due their darker skin color, whichblocksthe absorption of sunlight in northern latitudes. Furthermore, vitamin D deficiency is associated withobesity, from which more African Americans than whites suffer. Taken individually, none of these studies provide a smoking gun explanation that precludes all others, but together they at least suggest a more likely explanation than“violently-seized privilege.” However,“take some supplements”is a less sensational headline than“pay up, white devil.” The media attention lavished on such hot-button takes draws attention away from scientific research that might actually help those in need. It also focuses debate away from concrete health interventions the government can take and onto pie-in-the-sky proposals, while absolving some people of any personal responsibility for improving their own health. And after doing nothing to reverse the disproportionate death toll, they’ll still have the nerve to tell you that ‘ blacklivesmatter .’ ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516179-harvard-reparations-covid-racism/
"20 Feb, 2021",Over 120 UK-based charities that paid for ‘implicit bias’ courses just ‘tip of the iceberg’ in lucrative woke industry – media,"Some of the donations for charitable causes made by Britons have reportedly gone to fund scientifically questionable courses meant to teach employees to resist unconscious biases. The UK government ditched such training last year. At least 122 UK-based charities, from large multinationals to small community groups, have spent money on“unconscious bias training”for employees, according to a report by the Telegraphpublishedon Friday. What it discovered is likely just“the tip of the iceberg,”the report said, since companies offering such courses brag about having many undisclosed clients in the voluntary sector. The industry originated from the implicit-association test (IAT) – a method developed in the late 1990s that was meant to identify hidden stereotypes in test subjects. The tool’s scope and viability remains in question, but it helped create a sprawling consultation business, which tells clients that it can make employees more aware of and less influenced by their prejudices. Critics see implicit bias training as nothing but a scam, a chance for cowardly corporations and public officials to signal their virtue by showing the“woke”mob they are active in the fight against racism, sexism and other bad-isms in the workplace. The expected result of the training is wider acceptance of diversity and traits such as gender, race and sexuality, which some see as an ideologically motivated outcome that does not necessarily correlate with either healthier working relations or productivity. In the UK, unconscious bias training remains highly popular in universities. Those studying at Somerville College Oxford, the alma mater of Conservative icon Margaret Thatcher, had been required to score 100 per cent in a test after taking an online course,accordingto the Daily Mail. After a complaint from the Free Speech Union, it is reviewing this policy, however. The Tory government, on the other hand, has rejected the idea of forcing civil servants to learn how to be less biased,statingthat the training has“no sustained impact on behaviour and may even be counter-productive”. Some of the charities questioned by the Telegraph said the training they paid for was voluntary for employees to take part in, came at minimal cost and had a positive effect on staff, but most refused to provide further details. The newspaper said day courses of this kind are advertised at around £300 ($420) per person, though those organisations that did disclose costs stated a significantly lower price tag. Nevertheless, some believe there were better ways to spend the money, considering it originates from donations.“I hope that, in future, if charities are wasting the money that people have donated on things like this, then the Government will be able to step in and do something about it,”MP Ben Bradley said. The Conservative lawmaker had refused to take part in such training when it was introduced in Whitehall last September in the wake of blacklivesmatter protests. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/uk/516168-charities-implicit-bias-training/
"20 Feb, 2021"," blacklivesmatter , female empowerment doesn’t? Pro-Trump women’s group barred from painting non-partisan mural on NYC street","Women for America First, a pro-Trump group seeking to decorate 5th Ave with a (tastefully neutral) mural, styled like the ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ outside Trump Tower, was told to get lost. But the legal climate has since heated up. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram The group had hoped to paint “Engaging, Inspiring and Empowering Women to Make a Difference!” along Fifth Avenue near Trump Tower, where Mayor Bill de Blasio had arranged for “ blacklivesmatter ” to be painted during the summer, in a profoundly unsubtle jab at then-president Donald Trump. But the group was open to other possibilities, including City Hall Park, 42nd Street near Times Square, and a section of the FDR Drive near the mayor’s Gracie Mansion home. When their application was rejected in July, they sued - and the process has dragged on since then. However, a federal judge in Manhattan ruled in favor of de Blasio on Thursday, declaring that he and his Department of Transportation had not violated Women for America First’s free-speech rights when they refused to issue a permit allowing the mural to be painted. City streets, US District Judge Lorna Schofield wrote in her ruling, were not “message boards for private expression,” but subject to “reasonable, viewpoint-neutral restrictions.” The judge refused to bar the city from further decorating the streets with its sentiments, either, insisting such a ban would pose “serious, potentially unwarranted limitations on government communications with the public.” Such communications, apparently, can only go one way. It’s not clear what the ruling reveals about de Blasio’s BLM mural, which was slopped down with much fanfare on July 9 – first outside Trump Tower and later in Brooklyn, Harlem, and Staten Island. Is it city policy now that blacklivesmatter ? De Blasio claimed the slogan rose above politics, but while the sentiment itself is uncontroversial enough stripped of its political baggage, the meaning it has developed over a summer of violence and race-baiting is quite the opposite. At any rate, de Blasio didn’t poll the city to get a sense of popular opinion before splashing down all that paint in his anti-Trump temper tantrum. Was the mayor trying to make up for his woeful inability to rein in an abusive (and yes, racist) police force while acknowledging his failure to coherently punish the spoiledrich-kid rioterswho have repeatedly made a mess of the city and given those peacefully protesting for black lives a bad name? De Blasio is a rare unifying figure for the Left and the Right, which both loathe him. New Yorkers had a lot of time over the summer to sit and brood over their mayor’s embrace of BLM, since it was the only social eventallowedto take place all season long. De Blasio essentially declared the group Covid-19 kryptonite, and one suspects a lot of New Yorkers who had never cared previously about racism in the justice system suddenly found it within themselves to care, just to get out of their apartments. Those who did so learned a valuable lesson – not about racism, but about political favoritism – watching the seething crowds breathing on each other with the approval of the mayor’s office. De Blasio’s administration initially denied Women for America First the permit they needed to paint the mural less than a month after the original mural appeared in front of Trump Tower. And while the pro-Trump group’s application was indeed a political stunt, it was a tasteful one, as much as such things can be tasteful – with a truly innocuous message unlikely to cause offense to anyone (if there can be said to be an anti-female-empowerment lobby operating in NYC, it’s not a very muscular one). His move to deny the permit was, then, merely a show of force. Emasculated by Governor Cuomo up in Albany, who was stealing all the glory (and, somehow, sympathy) as New York was being clobbered with Covid-19, thanks in no small part to the governor’s own policies, de Blasio seized what little power was available to him – the power to say “no” to this group of Trump-loving women, many of whom hailed from NYC and were suffering under the mayor’s incompetence right along with the cabin-fever-crazed New Yorkers marching in the streets. Instead of admitting to his own political favoritism, he doubled down on his obsession with BLM, appointing cops to guard the mural while the crime rate in the city rocketed up. It might at first seem that the struggle over Women for America First’s permit application has grown stale and pointless in the six months since they filed their lawsuit. With Trump gone from the White House and de Blasio on his way out of Gracie Mansion, surely there are bigger issues on the table for NYC. But not only has life in the city not improved under his incompetent leadership, but a growing faction of the Democratic Party has taken aim at the same First Amendment he so flippantly slapped down, threatening congressional colleagues for believing in “conspiracy theories,” working for Trump, protesting, and other actions once protected under the umbrella of “free speech.” Women for America First may have accused de Blasio back in July of failing to “guarantee all Equal Protection under the Constitution,” but his party seems to have taken that as a challenge. The rest of the country should think twice about following in de Blasio’s footsteps – unless they want to unite both parties against them, that is. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516104-women-trump-deblasio-blm-speech/
"19 Feb, 2021","Racial unrest is distraction from class divide, real change is improving life of AVERAGE black person – ex-footballer John Barnes","Nothing will change for disadvantaged racial minorities until anti-racism movements like BLM shift focus from elevating those groups’ elites to giving the masses the opportunities they need, former footballer John Barnes told RT. The UK and US alike dupe minority populations into believing they benefit when elite representatives of their ethnic groups gain fame and power, even though those elites almost always embrace their powerful new milieux while discarding their downtrodden former peers, Barnes, a major figure in football,told RT’s Ben Swannon Friday. Barnes believes both countries’ anti-racism movements have focused on“sexy”racial incidents rather than the problems of systemic racism and the class struggle that underlines it all – to their own detriment. “Until we start to change what’s happening down below for the average black person, nothing will change,”Barnes said, pointing out that the process is repeated time and again, of“an elite group of people who want to elevate themselves into positions of power using the masses as an excuse to then say ‘I am representing the people.’” What they are doing is giving elite black people positions of power to then try & prove & fool people into thinking things are changing -@officialbarnesyDivided America || Political parties vs activist groups LIVE:https://t.co/vlnQMRsu4Xpic.twitter.com/MoZIHh9ACg Ultimately, however,“nothing changes”for the greater minority community those social climbers hailed from, he said. He cited the #MeToo movement – which began as an effort to call attention to how poor black women were being abused in their communities, before it was hijacked by Hollywood actresses – and blacklivesmatter , which focused on black men being killed by white policemen to the exclusion of more common forms of inner-city violence. No one’s talking about the thousands of black kids who are getting killed unless they’re being killed by a white policeman. He urged black celebrities to use their positions to effect real change in the communities they come from, highlighting the example of Manchester United footballer Marcus Rashford, who used his“superstar”platform to demand something as simple as school meals for the impoverished children of his city. Rather than“giving elite black people positions of power to then try and prove and fool people into thinking things are changing,”activists should“do it the other way around,”Barnes said, arguing that focusing on increasing representation in the media, as the UK had, merely resulted in black people being disproportionately represented on television – 20 percent, as opposed to the three percent they make up of the UK population. Instead, the masses should be prioritized, Barnes believes. Let’s now give the average black person respect, equal opportunities, access to jobs and housing equal to white people. Then you’ll have many more black people getting to the high echelons of society. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/516093-ben-swann-john-barnes-racism/
"19 Feb, 2021","‘Amend: The Fight for America’, Netflix’s new painfully woke docuseries, is only interested in indoctrinating, not educating","The Will Smith-hosted series aims to spotlight the history of rights in the US. But what transpires is a ludicrous exercise in politically correct performance art that is allergic to intellectual seriousness or nuance. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo ‘Amend: The Fight for America’ is a new Netflix docuseries hosted by Will Smith that examines the history and impact of the 14th Amendment, which addresses citizenship rights and equal protection under the law. The series is broken down into six episodes. The first three episodes cover the 14th Amendment in relation to the black struggle for equality from slavery to blacklivesmatter , while episodes four, five and six focus on the women’s movement, marriage equality/gay rights and immigrant rights, respectively. The docuseries is a high-end public service announcement featuring stars such as Pedro Pascal, Mahershala Ali and Joseph Gordon Levitt, and is obviously meant as a teaching guide for children and teenagers. One of the big problems with ‘Amend’, though, and there are many of them, is that it presents itself as a serious work of history, but is really just a blatant work of advocacy. There is nothing wrong with advocating, but doing it under the guise of teaching history makes ‘Amend’ an insidious piece of propaganda. As propaganda, it is very slick, as it has all the trappings of a serious historical documentary, but it’s violently allergic to nuance. The series’ shameless embrace of woke identity politics is never countenanced with even a rudimentary glimpse of oppositional ideas and beliefs, except to label them as obviously and irredeemably evil. For instance, in the episode about women’s rights and the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA), anti-abortion beliefs are only seen as tools of misogyny and the patriarchy, and the potentially rich and fascinating topic of the clash of 14th Amendment rights of the unborn child versus those of the pregnant woman is never broached. The series’ intellectual petulance is also highlighted in this episode, when one of the talking heads is incapable of even saying famed ERA opposition leader Phyllis Schlafly’s name. She stumbles over it numerous times and then finally gives up, only to be quickly replaced by another talking head who simply calls Ms. Schlafly,“Mean Phyllis.”Apparently in an attempt to appeal to grade-school children, the docuseries decided to act like a grade-school child. Preferring this slavishly woke, blindly Manichean perspective on every issue guts the project of any intellectual seriousness, and its relentlessly self-righteous snickering at opposing arguments cheapens the project and transforms it from being potentially laudable to ridiculously laughable. Speaking of laughable, The credibility of Amend is further damaged by“comedian”Larry Wilmore. Wilmore, a producer on the series, keeps showing up to mug for the camera for no discernible reason, and is so tonally out of place as to be painful. Wilmore’s“comedy”is always impotent and grating, but in ‘Amend’ his shtick is even more insipidly limp and irritating due to the supposedly serious context. The docuseries is obsessed with narratives, as it repeatedly talks about the evil of“messages of fear and hate”from small-minded bigots used to rile the masses. Donald Trump is repeatedly conjured in this context to accentuate the point. This is curious, since the series espouses its own message of fear and hate by continually denigrating“white men”and ringing the alarm bells over the boogeyman of ‘white supremacy’, which is supposedly lurking under every bed and around every corner. This anti-white attitude is evident when the 300,000-plus white men who died to free slaves in the Civil War are studiously ignored, but the black soldiers who fought are celebrated. It’s also evident when minority actors Pedro Pascal and Graham Greene play Abraham Lincoln and Ohio Senator John Bingham, the principal framer of the 14th Amendment, respectively, yet white actor Joseph Gordon Levitt plays the villainous, N-word-spouting Andrew Johnson. Another telling moment that spotlights the series’ manipulative mendacity and deceptive intentions is when activist Brittany Packnett Cunningham recounts her experiences as a protester in Ferguson, Missouri in the wake of the 2014 shooting of black man Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson. Video and photos of protesters fill the screen as Ms. Cunningham states that“the call on the streets was ‘hands up don’t shoot’ because what we were being told was that Michael Brown had his hands up in the air when Darren Wilson shot him.” This is an intentionally misleading statement, as Ms. Cunningham – who is featured throughout the series as some kind of expert – knows it isn’t true. She is perpetuating the false narrative surrounding Brown’s shooting, and that’s why she couches it with“we were being told.” Brown didn’t have his hands up when Wilson shot him and yet Ms. Cunningham and ‘Amend’ prefer that lie because it fits their narrative instead of the truth that destroys it. (Watch an infinitely more insightfuldocumentary, ‘What Killed Michael Brown?’ for the truth.) If you like deceptive docuseries that indoctrinate instead of educate, and enjoy watching solemn-faced actors babbling about“inclusivity”while pushing so hard to conjure non-existent gravitas it seems like they could soil themselves at any moment, then ‘Amend’ is definitely for you. After suffering though all six hours of ‘Amend: The Fight for America’, my biggest takeaway is that we need a new constitutional amendment to protect me from the torture of watching the vapid Will Smith mimic sincerity while spouting woke talking points as if they’re holy decrees from God on high. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/516045-amend-fight-for-america-netflix/
"18 Feb, 2021",Bill Gates says Trump should be allowed back on social media ‘at some point’,"Microsoft founder and synthetic meat enthusiast Bill Gates has said former President Donald Trump should be let back on social media “at some point.” Trump himself thinks that social media has “become very boring” without him. “I think at some point he probably will be allowed back on and probably should be allowed back on,”Gates told CNBC on Thursday, more than a month after Twitter and multiple other social media outlets booted Trump from their platforms, with Twitter’s reasoning being that the president’s calls to protest the 2020 election results presented a“risk of...violence.” Gates is considered by many to be an expert on healthcare, agriculture, and disease control, despite his lack of qualifications in these areas. Now he’s evidently added free speech issues to his portfolio, telling CNBC that Trump’s allegations of election fraud were“weird”and“corrosive.” “But I’ll bet they’ll find a way to let him back on,”Gates added, before suggesting that, should the social media companies let Trump back onto their platforms, the former president’s content“may be labeled as false in a lot of cases.” Before Twitter led the charge to deplatform Trump, the site was also the first to slap warning labels on his tweets. Some had their sharing restricted, while others were removed altogether from the platform. Even before the election, Twitter targeted a number of tweets Trump posted about last summer’s ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ riots for allegedly“glorifying violence.” Even if Trump were allowed back on social media, Gates suggested that as time passes,“people’s interest in what he says may go down quite a bit.”Denied his favorite platform for mass communication, Trump has indeed remained quiet since leaving office, occasionally opining on politics in Washington via official statements. Trump’s most recent missive, which targeted Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, retained his signature tone, however; he described McConnell as a“dour, sullen, and unsmiling political hack”who“doesn t have what it takes, never did, and never will.” The former president also called in to several conservative news networks on Wednesday evening to mourn the passing of right-wing pundit Rush Limbaugh. During one conversation with Newsmax’s Greg Kelly, Trump declared that Twitter has“become very boring”since his suspension. Despite Gates’ prediction, Twitter’s Chief Financial Officer Ned SegaltoldCNBC earlier this month that Trump will likely remain banned from the platform for life, even if he runs for office again in 2024 and wins.“The way our policies work, when you re removed from the platform, you re removed from the platform,”Segal said. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515964-bill-gates-trump-twitter/
"18 Feb, 2021","Vocal over blacklivesmatter , but many NBA stars are ‘reluctant to promote coronavirus vaccination’","In contrast to their vocal support for issues such as blacklivesmatter , some of the NBA’s biggest stars are reluctant to be involved in public campaigns aimed at promoting vaccination against Covid-19, according to reports. ESPNcites sourcesas saying that many elite basketball stars are apprehensive about adding their names to league-sponsored public service campaigns to promote the safety and effectiveness of vaccination against a virus which has claimed almost half a million lives in the US. According to the report by the popular US sporting outlet, factors involved in reservations among some players include uncertainty over taking the vaccine themselves and reluctance to help the NBA amid criticism over this year’s plans for an All-Star game. The apparent hesitancy comes despite the NBA working to educate teams on the effectiveness of the vaccine, as well as public-service announcements already being done with basketball icon Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich. Reportsfrom the US show that black Americans have been vaccinated at significantly lower rates than those of the white population, for issues which include accessibility and disparities in healthcare but also higher levels of distrust among the black community. There is the belief from some that more visible and vocal public support from stars in the NBA – wherea large majority of playersare African American – could help resolve that issue. NBA commissioner Adam Silver has previously said that""in the African American community, there been enormously disparate impact from Covid... but now, somewhat perversely, there been enormous resistance [to vaccinations] in the African American community for understandable historical reasons."" ""If that resistance continues, it would be very much a double whammy to the black community, because the only way out of this pandemic is to get vaccinated."" The apparent reluctance for big-name NBA stars to go public with the promotion of vaccines comes in contrast to their vocal activism on issues such as blacklivesmatter . Back in December, the biggest current name in basketball, LA Lakers star LeBron James, was urged by US Surgeon General Jerome Adams to take the Pfizer anti-Covid vaccine publicly because “we want to make sure people understand this is how we end the pandemic.” NBA chief Silver said this week that the league won’t“jump the line”ahead of the general public for players to get vaccinations, but added that stars could start receiving doses from late March. The latestreportsstate that more than 57 million doses of the vaccine have been administered in the US, reaching just over 12 percent of the population. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/515942-nba-players-reluctanct-promote-coronavirus-vaccine/
"18 Feb, 2021",To break the law or not? How Orthodox Jews are increasingly divided over brazen breaches of lockdown regulations,"There has been widespread coverage of large gatherings of Orthodox Jews during lockdown, an indication of the community’s determination to try to carry on as normal, despite Covid. But not everyone agrees with the rule-breaking. ByDiana Bruk, a Russian-American journalist living in New York, who has written for The New York Times, The Paris Review, Cosmopolitan, Esquire and Elle, amongst other publications. One of the most contentious debates throughout the pandemic has been what is and isn’t worth flouting quarantine rules for. And, arguably, nowhere is this a more heated issue than in the Orthodox Jewish community. All over the world, many Orthodox Jews have continued hosting large gatherings to celebrate weddings or observe religious holidays, regardless of the local lockdown regulations. The issue sparked national debate in the UK in January, whenreportsemerged of a wedding attended by more than 150 at an ultra-Orthodox school in the predominantly Jewish area of Stamford Hill, north London. There were thenallegationsof wedding organisers asking for cash donations of up to £10,000 in advance to cover potential fines if Stamford Hill events were raided by police. And in recent days, a senior rabbi has demanded an end to the weddings in London, where Covid rates in the local Orthodox Jewish community are among the worst in the world.“Weddings should not go on in these circumstances,”saidRabbi Herschel Gluck. “Weddings are very central in Judaism. In the Torah, the first commandment is ‘be fruitful and multiply’. It goes to the very core of the Jewish experience. Therefore, there is a great need and a great urge to have weddings – but we need to put the brakes on.” However, in New York City, where I live, a judge had toblocka ruling that would limit religious gatherings to 25 percent capacity – while other types of gatherings were allowed to operate at 50 percent – noting that religious activities should not be treated as less significant than secular ones. Indeed, it might strike one as a little hypocritical to say that it is worth flouting quarantine rules to go to a blacklivesmatter protest – as many social media users would – but not Sukkot. Who is to say? You are, to make the obvious joke, not God. The argument that it’s selfish because you might get other people sick isn’t really as applicable when you’re talking about an intensely insular community. And the argument has increasingly less sway now that there’s a vaccine and people are being encouraged to individually determine which risks to take or not take depending on their personal circumstances. While I am not Orthodox Jewish, I do respect people who might perhaps believe that spending time with your loved ones while you are alive is more important than worrying that you might die. But there are those that understandably disagree. Some havebrokenfrom the Orthodox faith entirely over this issue, while others, like Orthodox Jewish journalist Avital Chizhik-Goldschmidt, 29, believe that the pandemic should be treated as an exception to the rules of her faith. “In terms of the legal ethos of Jewish law, it’s actually rather problematic,”she said.“Judaism is all about calculating risks and mitigating them – with preservation of human life of utmost importance. It’s throughout legal texts of the last few centuries, in previous pandemics. “What has happened, I think, in a post-Holocaust world is that we have really glorified martyrdom, even if self-inflicted – so people are sort of like ‘Well if I die for going to synagogue, it was for a holy reason.’” While it is certainly a more fatalistic approach than the“survival-of-the-fittest”argument espoused by many Donald Trump supporters, it can still be viewed as selfish if you want to be part of a civic society. “I think people have rights until it becomes potentially dangerous to others – speed limits and school vaccination requirements are examples of that,”she continued. And while it is important to preserve the traditions of the past, there are circumstances that simply force a community to modernize – at least temporarily. “Orthodoxy is built all around large communal gatherings. Once you take that away, the whole system begins to falter. It a beautiful and notable and radical thing in general, in the 21st century. But in times of a pandemic, it’s certainly an Achilles heel.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515927-orthodox-jews-lockdown-regulations/
"18 Feb, 2021",Reparations for black Americans are the perfect way to keep everyone hating each other,"A new hearing on giving reparations to African Americans in the US has reignited discussion. But all reparations really are, are a distraction from other issues that could be solved to help black communities. is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC Utah representativeBurgess Owensand former football starHerschel Walkerdiscussed their opposition to the possibility of reparations in the United States on Wednesday. The basic idea of reparations is that people who descend from slaves will be given money that is taxed from other people. It is another stacking on the welfare pile. In testimony from Owens and Walker they discuss the necessities of meritocracy for the black community, but there is another element that needs to be touched on. That is national unity. Let be frank. There are issues within the black community that could be aided via government, or be solved just by the government butting out. But why discuss redlining practices, education, law enforcement, prison reform, and encouragement of black businesses, when you can simply demand cash? The reason for that is, above all, that Democrats are lazy when it comes to actually helping solve real issues within the black community. As much as people like Marc Lamont Hill or Ta-Nehisi Coates insist that reparations will aid some sort of healing process, they couldn t be more wrong. Let think about this from the perspective of those who would be affected. I imagine those who would get a little extra money every month would probably be in a little bit better of a mood. It won’t erase slavery or Jim Crow from the history books, but it will probably bring about a sense of historic vindication for some. Which leads to the other issue Walker pointed out: if this is genuinely about getting redress for slavery and discrimination, is there going to be need to prove your ancestors were victims? What about people who moved to the US only recently and whose ancestors never experienced slavery? This effectively complicates the issue to the point of infeasibility and defaults potential reparations to every black person. Which in itself poses a host of problems: just how black do you need to be to apply? What about mixed-race people? Is there going to be DNA testing? At whose expense? Or is it enough to ‘identify’ as black, like Rachel Dolezal and some more recent cases? Now let look at the people who are going to be paying into this. On a social level, this codifies the extreme critical race theory idea that all white people are racist. On a fiscal level, this will look like you are being taxed for simply having a different skin color. I’d say this spits in the face of the basic tenets of the Constitution. How on Earth are all men created equal when the government is not treating us like we are equal? Despite what some overpaid intellectuals may tell you, there no evidence that a specific melanin level is going to give you either a handicap or a cheat code in the game of life. People will begin to put two and two together to make four, realizing that they are being discriminated against – including those who’ve never had a racist thought in their heads. The black community will make no new white allies with this. Instead, this will end with personal enmities and lawsuits against the government, but ultimately it will make everyone hate each other based on skin color – the opposite of what is ostensibly the end goal. It’s a backfire that’s not too hard to predict. There are meaningful things that can be done instead of throwing white taxpayers’ money at the problem. If there are redlining issues in cities, there need to be laws preventing this practice. Prison reform should continue and the ludicrous charges for marijuana usage and distribution should continue to be lowered. School choice vouchers should still exist, allowing young black kids the opportunity to get away from rough schools that won t help them grow. Black owned businesses should be properly protected by (properly-vetted) police forces in neighborhoods where the crime rate is higher. These are issues that affect the black community in this day and age. We are around 50 years removed from Jim Crow, and over 150 years removed from the Civil War. Drudging up these old issues solves nothing. This is generally the problem. If you combine lazy lawmakers with activists who clearly have either not thought out the possibilities, or are opportunistically counting on shame and loudness to drown out any reasonable debate, you get a government that thinks that they can just throw money at the situation to make the noisy people be quiet. That not how this should work, and if those who argue for reparations had any sense or desire for equality, they would consider common humanity above their melanin and realize that all their ideas do is make problems worse. Then again, if they were the problem-solving types they probably would have gone to college for engineering as opposed to the social sciences. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515928-reparations-african-americans-us/
"18 Feb, 2021","‘There has got to be something we can do’: Outrage mob tries to cancel Tucker Carlson, only to see Fox give him a SECOND SHOW","Cancel culture had its second major defeat in less than a week, as efforts to force Fox News star Tucker Carlson off the air failed so spectacularly that the guy called ‘TV’s most hated host’ has been given another show. Carlson signed a multi-year deal with Fox Nation, the network’s subscription-based streaming service, under which he will produce at least three video podcasts each week and long-form monthly specials. The new programs will be done in addition to Carlson’s top-rated primetime show on Fox News, ‘Tucker Carlson Tonight’, which is broadcast every weeknight. The podcasts will feature interviews with newsmakers and discussion of“issues shaping the country,”Fox Nation said on Wednesday. The Tucker Carlson Originals series will explore one topic at length each month. The new contract will come asbad newsto the likes of Media Matters for America, the activist group backed by billionaire George Soros that has repeatedly campaigned for advertisers to drop Carlson show and other Fox programs for such sins as being critical of blacklivesmatter and illegal immigration. Commentators at such media outlets as CNN, MSNBC, the New York Times and the Washington Post opined that in the wake of the January 6 US Capitol riot, cable TV carriers should jettison Fox News. Vox writer Aaron Rupar ripped the network again on Wednesday for allowing former President Donald Trump to make reference to his election-fraud allegations in an interview about Rush Limbaugh death. Washington Post columnist Max Bootarguedlast week that with former President Donald Trump gone from the White House, Carlson s“conspiracy theories”might make him“the most dangerous threat to US democracy.”CNN host Brian Stelter seemed to besalivatingway back last June that the boycott movements against Carlson were causing“headaches for Fox News.” But just as actress Gina Carano resurfaced last week with a new movie contract after being fired from ‘The Mandalorian’ TV series, Carlson came through the latest round of mob attacks better off than where he started. “This is my twelfth year at Fox News, and I ve never been more grateful to be here,”Carlson said.“As other media outlets fall silent or fall in line, Fox News Media management has redoubled its commitment to honesty and freedom of speech. I consider that heroic at a time like this.” Anti-Trump activist David Frum quipped that adding a streaming show for Carlson was a way for Fox to provide a daily serving of“rage and paranoia”to younger viewers while keeping the broadcast show for“Boomer viewers.”But anti-Trump enthusiast Dawn Forbrick was in no mood for jokes at the news of Carlson new show, telling Frum,“There has got to be something we can do.” Fox plan to stream Tucker Carlson makes sense. Boomer viewers would await a fixed hour for their daily serving of rage and paranoia. Post-boomer viewers demand their rage and paranoia on their *own* timetables. Fox had to keep up with the changing rage and paranoia marketplace. There has got to be something we can do.https://t.co/Lc2yvRTtBS ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515879-tucker-carlson-second-show/
"17 Feb, 2021","BLM activist fired after burning Trump, Coulter books from library he worked at","A blacklivesmatter activist working at a library was fired for burning books by conservatives like Donald Trump and Ann Coulter, but he’s claiming the dismissal is discrimination over politics. Cameron ‘C-Grimey’ Williams, a rapper, was working at a Chattanooga, Tennessee library and was tasked with looking for books that were outdated, damaged, or full of misinformation, according to a report from The Washington Post. Williams claimed employees were told they could bring books home that were selected to be removed from the library. A December Instagram video, which was quickly taken down,allegedlyshowed him burning ‘How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must)’ by pundit Ann Coulter and ‘Crippled America’ by former President Donald Trump. While he burned the books in an outside fire, the protest song ‘FDT’ by YG and Nipsey Hussle was playing. ‘FDT’ stands for ‘F**k Donald Trump.’ Williams was put on paid administrative leave over the video and then subsequently fired this month, but he’s claiming it all boilsdownto discrimination and has nothing to do with a library employee burning books. “Time after time, we’ve used old books for art projects. Time after time, employees have been encouraged to take books. This is a BS rule that doesn’t exist. They’re just using it to persecute me. … This is not the precedent on how this stuff is handled. To be frank, it’s because I’m a community member that’s been speaking for the betterment of black people for several years,”he said, adding that he was treated as a“token black man.” “I was treated as a token black man, but as soon as I speak forcefully for black people, they essentially tried to assassinate my character,”he said. Williams’ activism includes beingarrestedin July of last year for allegedly blocking an emergency vehicle trying to get to a crash site with injuries, as well as taking a sheriff’s flag and burning it. A spokesperson for the Chattanooga library stated that Williams was fired for“improperly removing items from the Library’s collections.” The books Williams burned, according to the library, were also not“flagged”for removal. “We have a very rigorous and thorough standard practice for collection management. And it part of the American Library Association, so it something all libraries follow,""they said. Corinne Hill, the Chattanooga Public Library’s executive director, confirmed Williams did not follow proper procedure he had been trained on for removing books. “The City of Chattanooga has policies in place to protect the public’s interest, and we follow those directives,”she told The Post. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515870-blm-activist-library-donald-trump/
"17 Feb, 2021",The media Valentine Day love-in for Joe & Jill Biden was so saccharine it made the Hallmark Channel look gritty,"Joe Biden’s love for his wife is scientifically proven to have restorative qualities, and the first lady’s hair scrunchies have the power to heal. In Joe Biden’s America, every day is Valentine’s Day for the mainstream media. The masturbatory mediacoveragethat accompanied Joe Biden’s inauguration was not, it seems, a brief lapse in objectivity from America’s normally upstanding news industry. No, it was just a taste of things to come, and Valentine’s Day gave journalists another excuse to don the kneepads and service Joe and Jill Biden with some grade-A lickspittle reporting. Jill Biden (whom the media also loves reminding you is an actual Doctor, completely deserving of her title), went shopping for some Valentine’s Day treats last week, while wearing a scrunchie in her hair.“People felt so seen,”Glamour magazinegushed, in a story that made it to Yahoo News. Welcome to the Cringe Regimehttps://t.co/YLQ07E0oOX The Washington Post, which wants you to believe it is a serious newspaper,praisedthe first lady for her“radical normalcy.”The scrunchie, her love for her two dogs, and her“successful attempt at putting on gloves while holding her coffee cup”were“avant-garde compared to the inscrutable relationship between Melania and Donald Trump,”the newspaper continued. Not sinceJason Momoahas a scrunchie generated such excitement. Not since the trial of OJ Simpson have the media been so enraptured by someone putting on a glove. But anyone worrying about Jill hogging the limelight had their fears swiftly allayed. Newsweekrevealedon Tuesday that Joe spent the weekend playing Mario Kart at Camp David. For the curious, the magazine revealed that he played as Luigi, and“came out victorious”against his granddaughter. Try convincing me there is no such thing as liberal media bias.https://t.co/wd5jqYiKYT After the Bidens took a cosy morning stroll in front of Jill’s arts-and-crafts class decorations last week, the team at Politico were so moved that they called up experts and published anarticlewith this headline:""Historians and relationship experts agree: The first couple’s romantic gestures aren’t just genuine – they’re restorative."" Sure, Politico... And Kim Jong-Il’s zip-up suit alsomade hima“global fashion icon,”according to the Pyongyang press. Just imagine any of this content being published during the Trump years. Not even Breitbart would dare. Not that they should avoid it as a rule, mind. The first lady’s choice in hair accessories is safe, non-political content, and if the audience wants it, then fire ahead. But Melania Trump’s style was never non-political, at least in the eyes of the media. When the former first lady wore a military-style suit, she wascomparedto Benito Mussolini. When sheworea safari-style getup to Kenya, it was a“symbol of colonial rule.”Her white suits were racist and her black dressesinappropriatenext to the white worn by Democrats. Ignore the hypocrisy and hate Trump, they demanded for four years. President Trump’s trips to the golf course weren’t treated the same as Biden’s downtime playing Mario Kart, no matter how he scored against his family. Trump was fiddling while Rome burnt, yet in covering Biden, Newsweek didn’t mention the ongoing coronavirus pandemic or the fact that millions of Americans are waiting on overdue stimulus checks as background, something theynever overlookedwhen Trump took some time off. At the end of the day, none of this matters. Jill Biden could shave her head bald and it wouldn’t make a lick of difference to the average American. Joe Biden could run around on all fours with his dogs, but it’s his executive actions that actually impact these Americans’ lives. But if there’s one take-away from Scrunchiegate, it’s this: never take anything the mainstream media tells you about Biden or his administration at face value, from the frivolous to the serious. With a few exceptions, the press has no interest in holding Biden’s feet to the fire the way it did Trump’s. They’re alreadydeletingreports letting Trump off the hook for Biden’s slow vaccine rollout, and even before the election they buried stories that could have damaged Biden’s shot at the White House. They evenboastabout the“conspiracy”they took part in to swing the election for Joe. The puff pieces about the new first family are just a few examples of the curated reality the media is constructing around Biden and his administration. They’re relatively harmless, but symbolize the tone with which Biden’s stewardship will be discussed. The kid gloves are back on, and the fourth estate is free to fall asleep at the wheel again. Do you feel healed yet? Do you feel“so seen?” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515866-joe-biden-jill-scrunchie-valentines/
"16 Feb, 2021",America’s future is in the hands of woefully inept cretins at a time when creativity and innovation are needed more than ever,"The US’ future looks grim indeed in the face of a ‘Great Reset’ proposed by the same powers that steered it into a deadly economic quagmire. Why are Americans allowing those who broke their world the privilege of ‘fixing’ it? is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram Americans with more power and connections than sense have rushed forward over the last year, attempting to seize the right to ‘fix’ a society broken by shockingly stupid responses to the Covid-19 pandemic. Entire generations are being renderedsuicidally depressed, unemployable, hopelessly alienated, and worse, while the likelihood that the current generation of children will mature into functional adults is rapidly shrinking. There is no one-size-fits-all solution for such a heterogenous population, and this moment calls for an unprecedented degree of creativity and imagination if we are to survive as a society. So why are those most victimized by this system running into the arms of the same crew of unimaginative, solipsistic sociopaths who have repeatedly wrecked society in the first place? Whether it’s the ‘too-big-to-fail’ banks who asset-stripped the American middle class in 2008, overloading the country’s already fragile social safety net and driving a stake through the heart of the once-achievable American Dream, or theWorld Economic Forum, a breeding ground for selfish and self-interested corporate hacks who just want to fly their private jets in peace with the option to lecture the ground-bound hoi polloi on their carbon usage, those who’ve put themselves in charge are precisely the wrong ones for the job. Indeed, the WEF – whose conveniently-timed bookCovid 19: The Great Resetsurfaced just in time to beseized uponby world governments as a supposedly better-than-nothing playbook for lifting humanity out of a mess even its writers admitted wasn’t nearly as disastrous as it seemed – was the first to claim experimental sovereignty over the poor unfortunates its leaders consigned to misery. Acknowledging they were putting humanity through the largestpsychological experimentin history, one which technicallyviolatesthe Geneva Convention and Nuremberg Code given that informed consent from its experimental test subjects was never obtained, is perhaps the worst possible messiah substitute to lead humanity into a brighter future. Certainly, no one elected the WEF to guide Americans through the troubled times its members have largely created. The US is trapped in an identity crisis, crushed between the media establishment’s portrait of Our Democracy™ having narrowly escaped orange-tinted fascism and a newly-inaugurated administration that literally admitted to stealing the election on thefront coverof Time Magazine. Joe Biden’s administration has claimed for itself the right to ‘Build Back Better’, itsplagiarism-pronepresident once again ripping off his battle cry, this time from the World Economic Forum itself. A scriptwriter who submitted such an on-the-nose screenplay to their producer would be fired on the spot, yet Americans are expected to live with it. Far from ushering in a golden age of democracy, Biden and his henchmen have held the reins of power in Washington for decades, bringing nothing but suffering to the American people. Despite his cabinet’s swaddling the iron fist of neoliberalism in warm fuzzy buzzwords like “inclusion” and “sustainability,” Biden himself is in large part responsible for thePatriot Act, which stripped American citizens of their most important constitutional rights. He also authored the1994 crime billthat set up mandatory minimum sentencing for minor drug infractions, funneling tens of thousands of mostly black men into lifetime prison sentences. While he’s finally admitted the latter was a“mistake,”he nevertheless tried to dodge responsibility for having written the disastrous legislation by blaming individual states for how they implemented it. Expecting him to lead Americans into a bright new future is like expecting immaculate table manners from a starving grizzly bear. Barely unable to keep from gibbering and squealing about a proposed newplanto tackle “domestic extremism,” Biden and his diversity all-stars – whose diversity stops at skin level as they march in ideological lockstep – are as much a menace to American society as the WEF member corporations pulling their strings behind the scenes. Americans seem helplessly caught in the vicious cycle of an abusive relationship, unable to flee the “devils they know” despite full awareness they will come away from their next encounter with a black eye (or an empty bank account, or utter social collapse). Embracing the WEF’s ‘Great Reset’ – a future of “fusion of our physical, digital and biological identity,” according to the organization founderKlaus Schwab, who further clarified this involves technology that can “intrude into the hitherto private space of our minds, reading our thoughts and influencing our behavior” – is perhaps the worst possible future humanity could enter. Yet we are sleepwalking into precisely this outcome, unaware that we have any other options. Even as Americans emerge from the fear-based fog that has consumed them for the better part of a year, they’re still – whether they know it or not – following the directions of the same class of authority figures that led them into this mess in the first place. But these figures have no idea what they’re doing any more than those who are merely following their “leaders” out of habit. Why, having suffered so under the leadership of these utterly worthless figures, would they continue to follow? There is no precedent among the current generation for the economic collapse that has seized the US and no evidence that the WEF, or a wildly incompetent presidential administration, or corona czar and resoundingfailureDr. Anthony Fauci, have any idea what to do about it. At this point, diverging from the dysfunctional and downright deadly paths forged by these repulsive figures is not even a matter of making the right choice – it is a matter of survival. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515745-wef-biden-failures-future-destruction/
"16 Feb, 2021",Los Angeles police hunt for alleged ‘Valentine’s Day meme’ mocking George Floyd’s death as lawyer demands APOLOGY,"Police in Los Angeles are scouring social media for a photo of George Floyd captioned ‘You take my breath away’ that was reportedly shared among its officers. The lawyer for the African-American man’s family demanded an apology. “This is beyond insult on top of injury – it’s injury on top of death,”attorney Benjamin Crump said in a statement on Monday, demanding an apology and that anyone who is involved with the meme be held accountable.“The type of callousness and cruelty within a person’s soul needed to do something like this evades comprehension – and is indicative of a much larger problem within the culture of the LAPD.” The statement follows reports over the weekend that someone in the LA police may have passed around a mock Valentine’s Day message featuring an image of Floyd’s face and the questionable caption. A personnel complaint has been initiated and we are pursuing each allegation including interviewing the department member who brought it to our attention. In a series of tweets on Saturday, the LAPD confirmed that someone had complained about the image, and that there was a report it had been created by an employee. “At this point the Department has not identified any actual postings in the workplace or identified that it was in fact our department employee who created the image,”but they have“directed commands to survey the worksites” for any traces of it, the LAPD added, noting that they “will have zero tolerance for this type of behavior.” If found any employee or supervisor is directed to take possession and identify those present. The Department will have zero tolerance for this type of behavior. Police in Minneapolis, Minnesota tried to arrest Floyd at the end of May 2020, following a report that he tried to use a counterfeit banknote at a grocery store. As several officers sought to subdue him, one of them by kneeling on his neck, Floyd complained that he could not breathe. All four officers were fired the very next day and criminally charged over his death. By that point, however, blacklivesmatter protests had become violent and within weeks spread throughout the US and even overseas. Crump has represented families of men shot by police in a number of prominent blacklivesmatter cases, starting with Trayvon Martin in 2013 and continuing with Michael Brown and Tamir Rice in 2014, Terence Crutcher in 2016, as well as Floyd and Jacob Blake in 2020. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515656-george-floyd-meme-police/
"15 Feb, 2021","Chris Hedges: Cancel culture, where liberalism goes to die","Elites and their courtiers who trumpet their moral superiority by damning and silencing those who do not linguistically conform to politically correct speech are the new Jacobins. ByChris Hedges, a Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist who was a foreign correspondent for fifteen years for The New York Times, where he served as the Middle East Bureau Chief and Balkan Bureau Chief for the paper. He previously worked overseas for The Dallas Morning News, The Christian Science Monitor, and NPR. He is the host of the Emmy Award-nominated RT America showOn Contact. This article was originally published byScheerPost. The Rev. Will Campbell was forced out of his position as director of religious life at the University of Mississippi in 1956 because of his calls for integration. He escorted black children through a hostile mob in 1957 to integrate Little Rock’s Central High School. He was the only white person that was invited to be part of the group that founded Martin Luther King Jr.’s Southern Christian Leadership Conference. He helped integrate Nashville’s lunch counters and organize the Freedom Rides. But Campbell was also, despite a slew of death threats he received from white segregationists, an unofficial chaplain to the local chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. He denounced and publicly fought the Klan’s racism, acts of terror and violence and marched with black civil rights protesters in his native Mississippi, but he steadfastly refused to “cancel” white racists out of his life. He refused to demonize them as less than human. He insisted that this form of racism, while evil, was not as insidious as a capitalist system that perpetuated the economic misery and instability that pushed whites into the ranks of violent, racist organizations. “During the civil rights movement, when we were developing strategies, someone usually said, ‘Call Will Campbell. Check with Will,’” Rep. John Lewis wrote in the introduction to the new edition of Campbell’s memoir ‘Brother to a Dragonfly’, one of the most important books I read as a seminarian. “Will knew that the tragedy of Southern history had fallen on our opponents as well as our allies … on George Wallace and Bull Connor as well as Rosa Parks and Fred Shuttlesworth. He saw that it had created the Ku Klux Klan as well as the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. That insight led Will to see racial healing and equity, pursued through courage, love, and faith as the path to spiritual liberation for all.” Jimmy Carter wrote of Campbell that he “tore down the walls that separated white and black Southerners.” And because the Black Panther organizer Fred Hampton was doing the same thing in Chicago, the FBI — which, along with the CIA, is the de facto ally of the liberal elites in their war against Trump and his supporters —assassinated him. When the town Campbell lived in decided the Klan should not be permitted to have a float in the Fourth of July parade Campbell did not object, as long as the gas and electric company was also barred. It was not only white racists that inflicted suffering on the innocent and the vulnerable, but institutions that place the sanctity of profit before human life. “People can’t pay their gas and electric bills, the heat gets turned off and they freeze and sometimes die, especially if they are elderly,” he said. “This, too, is an act of terrorism.” “Theirs you could see and deal with, and if they broke the law, you could punish them,” he said of the Klan. “But the larger culture that was, and still is, racist to the core is much more difficult to deal with and has a more sinister influence.” Campbell would have reminded us that the demonization of the Trump supporters who stormed the capital is a terrible mistake. He would have reminded us that racial injustice will only be solved with economic justice. He would have called on us to reach out to those who do not think like us, do not speak like us, are ridiculed by polite society, but who suffer the same economic marginalization. He knew that the disparities of wealth, loss of status and hope for the future, coupled with prolonged social dislocation, generated the poisoned solidarity that give rise to groups such as the Klan or the Proud Boys. We cannot heal wounds we refuse to acknowledge. The Washington Post, whichanalyzed the public recordsof 125 defendants charged with taking part in the storming of the Capital on January 6, found that “nearly 60 percent of the people facing charges related to the Capitol riot showed signs of prior money troubles, including bankruptcies, notices of eviction or foreclosure, bad debts, or unpaid taxes over the past two decades.” “The group’s bankruptcy rate — 18 percent — was nearly twice as high as that of the American public,” the Post found. “A quarter of them had been sued for money owed to a creditor. And 1 in 5 of them faced losing their home at one point, according to court filings.” “A California man filed for bankruptcy one week before allegedly joining the attack, according to public records,” the paper reported. “A Texas man was charged with entering the Capitol one month after his company was slapped with a nearly $2,000 state tax lien. Several young people charged in the attack came from families with histories of financial duress.” We must acknowledge the tragedy of these lives, while at the same time condemning racism, hate and the lust for violence. We must grasp that our most perfidious enemy is not someone who is politically incorrect, even racist, but the corporations and a failed political and judicial system that callously sacrifices people, as well as the planet, on the altar of profit. Like Campbell, much of my own family comes from the rural working class, many espousing prejudices my father, a Presbyterian minister, regularly condemned from the pulpit. Through a combination of luck and scholarships to elite schools, I got out. They never did. My grandfather, intellectually gifted, was forced to drop out of high school his senior year when his sister’s husband died. He had to work the farm to feed her children. If you are poor in America, you rarely get more than one chance. And many do not get one. He lost his. The towns in Maine where my relatives come from have been devastated by the closures of mills and factories. There is little meaningful work. There is a smoldering anger caused by legitimate feelings of betrayal and entrapment. They live, like most working class Americans, lives of quiet desperation. This anger is often expressed in negative and destructive ways. But I have no right to dismiss them as irredeemable. To understand is not to condone. But if the ruling elites, and their courtiers masquerading as journalists, continue to gleefully erase these people from the media landscape, to attack them as less than human, or as Hillary Clinton called them “deplorables,” while at the same time refusing to address the grotesque social inequality that has left them vulnerable and afraid, it will fuel ever greater levels of extremism and ever greater levels of state repression and censorship. The cancel culture, a witch hunt by self-appointed moral arbiters of speech, has become the boutique activism of a liberal class that lacks the courage and the organizational skills to challenge the actual centers of power — the military-industrial complex, lethal militarized police, the prison system, Wall Street, Silicon Valley, the intelligence agencies that make us the most spied upon, watched, photographed and monitored population in human history, the fossil fuel industry, and a political and economic system captured by oligarchic power. It is much easier to turn from these overwhelming battles to take down hapless figures who make verbal gaffes, those who fail to speak in the approved language or embrace the approved attitudes of the liberal elites. These purity tests have reached absurd and self-defeating levels, including the inquisitional bloodlust by 150 staff members of the New York Timesdemanding that management, which had already investigated and dealt with what at most was poor judgment made by the veteran reporter Don McNeil when he repeated a racist slur in a discussion about race, force him out of the paper, which management reluctantly did. Too often the targets of the cancel culture are radicals, such as the feminists who run the Vancouver Rape Relief and Women’s Shelter and who do not admit trans people because most of the girls and women in the shelter have been physically assaulted and traumatized by those with male bodies. None of the critics of these feminists spend ten or twelve hours a day in a shelter taking care of abused girls and women, many of whom were prostituted as children, butfire off screeds to attack them and cut their funding. The cancel culture, as the Canadian feminist Lee Lakeman says, is “the weaponization of ignorance.” The cancel culture was pioneered by the red baiting of the capitalist elites and their shock troops in agencies such as the FBI to break, often through violence, radical movements and labor unions. Tens of thousands of people, in the name of anti-communism, were canceled out of the culture. The well-financed Israel lobbyis a master of the cancel culture, shutting down critics of the Israeli apartheid state and those of us who support the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions (BDS) movement as anti-Semites. The cancel culture fueled the persecution of Julian Assange, the censorship of WikiLeaks and the Silicon Valley algorithms that steer readers away from content, including my content, critical of imperial and corporate power. In the end, this bullying will be used by social media platforms, which are integrated into the state security and surveillance organs, not to promote, as its supporters argue, civility, but ruthlessly silence dissidents, intellectuals, artists and independent journalism.  Once you control what people say you control what they think. This cancel culture is embraced by corporate media platforms where, as Glenn Greenwald writes, “teams of journalists at three of the most influential corporate media outlets — CNN’s ‘media reporters’ (Brian Stelter and Oliver Darcy), NBC’s ‘disinformation space unit’ (Ben Collins and Brandy Zadrozny), and the tech reporters of The New York Times (Mike Isaac, Kevin Roose, Sheera Frenkel) — devote the bulk of their ‘journalism’ to searching for online spaces where they believe speech and conduct rules are being violated, flagging them, and then pleading that punitive action be taken (banning, censorship, content regulation, after-school detention).” Corporations know these moral purity tests are, for us, self-defeating. They know that by making the cancel culture legitimate — and for this reason I opposed locking Donald Trump out of his Twitter and other social media accounts — they can employ it to silence those who attack and expose the structures of corporate power and imperial crimes. The campaigns of moral absolutism widen the divides between the liberal elites and the white working class, divisions that are crucial to maintaining the power of the corporate elites. The cancel culture is the fodder for the riveting and entertaining culture wars. It turns anti-politics into politics. Most importantly, the cancel culture deflects attention from the far more egregious institutionalized abuses of power. It is this smug, self-righteousness crusade that makes the liberal class so odious. Doug Marlette, the Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial cartoonist who created the comic strip ‘Kudzu’, which featured a Campbell-inspired character called Rev. Will B. Dunn, brought Campbell to speak at Harvard when I was there.  Campbell’s message was met with a mixture of bewilderment and open hostility, which was fine with me as it meant the room swiftly emptied and the rest of the night Marlette, Campbell and I sat up late drinking whiskey and eating bologna sandwiches. Marlette was as iconoclastic and acerbically funny as Campbell. His cartoons, including one that showed Jesus on Good Friday carrying an electric chair instead of a cross and another that portrayed Jerry Falwell as the serpent in the Garden of Eden, provoked howls of protest from irate readers. Campbell’s memoir, ‘Brother to a Dragonfly’, is not only beautifully written — Campbell was a close friend of Walker Percy, whose novels I also consumed — but filled with a humility and wisdom that liberals, who should spend less time in the self-referential rabbit hole of social media, have lost. He describes America, which routinely employs murder, torture, threats, blackmail and intimidation to crush all those who oppose it at home and abroad, as “a nation of Klansmen.” He refused to draw a moral line between the American empire, which many liberals defend, and the disenfranchised and angry whites that flock to racist groups such as the Klan or, years later, would support Trump. The architects of empire and the ruling capitalists who exploited workers, stymied democracy, orchestrated state repression, hoarded obscene levels of wealth and waged endless war were, he knew, the real enemy. Campbell remembers watching a documentary by CBS called The Ku Klux Klan: An Invisible Empire, after which he was invited to address the audience. The film showed the murder of the three civil rights workers in Mississippi, the castration of Judge Aaron in Alabama, and the deaths of the four young girls in the Birmingham Sunday school bombing. When the film showed a Klan recruit pivoting right when the drill master shouted, “Left face,” the audience erupted in “cheers, jeers, catcalls and guffaws.” Campbell writes that he “felt a sickening in my stomach.” Those viewing the film were a group convened by the National Student Association and included New Left radicals of the sixties, representing Students for a Democratic Society, the Port Huron group, young white men and women who had led protests at campuses across the country, burned down buildings, coined the term “pigs” to refer to police. Many were from affluent families. “They were students in or recent graduates of rich and leading colleges and universities,” he writes of the audience. “They were mean and tough but somehow, I sensed that there wasn’t a radical in the bunch. For if they were radical how could they laugh at a poor ignorant farmer who didn’t know his left hand from his right? If they had been radical they would have been weeping, asking what had produced him. And if they had been radical they would not have been sitting, soaking up a film produced for their edification and enjoyment by the Establishment of the establishment — CBS.” Campbell, who was asked to address the group following the film, said: “My name is Will Campbell. I’m a Baptist preacher. I’m a native of Mississippi. And I’m pro-Klansman because I’m pro-human being.” Pandemonium erupted in the hall. He was shouted down as a “fascist pig” and a “Mississippi redneck.” Most walked out. “Just four words uttered — ‘pro-Klansman Mississippi Baptist preacher,’ coupled with one visual image, white, had turned them into everything they thought the Ku Klux Klan to be — hostile, frustrated, angry, violent and irrational,” he writes. “And I was never able to explain to them that pro-Klansman is not the same as pro-Klan. That the former has to do with a person, the other with an ideology.” “The same social forces which produced the Klan’s violence also produced the violence in Watts, Rochester and Harlem, Cleveland, Chicago, Houston, Nashville, Atlanta and Dayton, because they are all pieces of the same garment — social isolation, deprivation, economic conditions, rejections, working mothers, poor schools, bad diets, and all the rest,” Campbell writes. And these social forces produced the nationwide blacklivesmatter protests after the police murder of George Floyd and the storming of the Capitol by an enraged mob. Campbell never asked any of the members of the Klan he knew to leave the organization for the same reason he never asked liberals to leave “the respectable and fashionable organizations or institutions of which they were a part and party, all of which, I was learning, were more truly racist than their Klan.” This radical love was the core of Dr. Martin Luther King’s message. This love informed King’s steadfast nonviolence. It led him to denounce the Vietnam War and condemn the US government as “the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today.” And it saw him assassinated in Memphis when he was supporting a strike by sanitation workers for economic justice. Campbell lived by his oft-quoted creed, “If you’re gonna love one, you’ve got to love ‘em all.”  Like King, he  believed in the redemptive and transformative power of forgiveness. The ruling elites and the courtiers who trumpet their moral superiority by damning and silencing those who do not linguistically conform to politically correct speech are the new Jacobins. They wallow in a sanctimonious arrogance, one made possible by their privilege, which masks their subservience to corporate power and their amorality. They do not battle social and economic injustice. They silence, with the enthusiastic assistance of the digital platforms in Silicon Valley, those who are crushed and deformed by systems of oppression and those who lack their finely developed politesse and deference to linguistic fashion. They are the useful idiots of corporate power and the emerging police state. Cancel culture is not the road to reform. It is the road to tyranny. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515640-chris-hedges-cancel-culture-liberalism/
"15 Feb, 2021",RT News - February 15 2021 (17:00 MSK),"As US Democrats cry foul over Donald Trump acquittal some Republicans suggest that Joe Biden should now be impeached. We ask if the legal process is becoming the new political norm. The price of free speech: A pro-Trump journalist is harassed and assaulted as she covers a blacklivesmatter protest. We get her take on what life is like for a reporter in a divided America. Black or White: The decision to cast a British actress of Jamaican descent as Queen Anne Boleyn in a TV series causes a stir online. We look back at the last ten tumultuous years in Libya following the Arab Spring. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/news/515580-rtnews-february-15-17msk/
"15 Feb, 2021",Judas and the Black Messiah exposes blacklivesmatter for the establishment-controlled bourgeois bulls**tters that they are,"The new Black Panthers movie is one of the best of the year. But it’s being critically misinterpreted in order to scuttle working class solidarity in favor of maintaining the status quo through racial hysteria. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Judas and the Black Messiah, which opened in theaters and on the streaming service HBO Max on February 12, recounts the true story of the betrayal of Fred Hampton, the charismatic chairman of the Illinois chapter of the Black Panthers, by Bill O’Neal, an FBI informant. The flawed but fantastic film, written and directed by Shaka King, features a fascinating story and scintillating performances from Daniel Kaluuya as Hampton and LaKeith Stanfield as O’Neal, making it among the very best movies of this thus far cinematically calamitous year. Predictably, manycriticsare using the film toconnectthe more recent blacklivesmatter movement with the revolutionary Black Panthers of the 1960s spotlighted in the film. This is an intellectually egregious and mind-numbingly vacuous interpretation of the movie and its narrative. The film isn’t about our current manufactured myopia regarding race; it’s about power and the great lengths those with it will go to subjugate those without it in an effort to maintain the status quo. Infamous FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, embarrassingly portrayed in the movie by Martin Sheen in an obscenely amateurish prosthetic nose, deemed the Black Panthers “the greatest threat to the internal security of the country” because, among other reasons, their free breakfast program for kids wasn’t just for black kids, but for all kids. In response, Hoover unleashed COINTELPRO (Counter Intelligence Program) and its dirty tactics on the Black Panthers, just as he had done previously to Malcolm X and Martin Luther King and other leftists. As highlighted in the film, the Black Panthers and Hampton were seen as direct threats to the power structure of the US, because they worked to bring all poor and working-class people together, be they black, Native American, Latino, and even Confederate flag-waving whites, against a common enemy, the ruling class, which subjugated and abused them. Hampton, Malcolm X, and MLK weren’t targeted by COINTELPRO’s massive surveillance and infiltration operation and ultimately assassinated under extremely suspicious circumstances because they were standing up just for black people, but because they were trying to bring all people together to fight against the corrupt and criminal political power exploiting the poor and working class in America and across the globe. In comparison to the towering revolutionaries of Hampton, King, and Malcolm X, blacklivesmatter are shameless courtesans to the establishment. The FBI obviously doesn’t see BLM as a threat; hell, it is such a collection of useful idiots, you wonder if the feds started it in the first place? The power structure’s greatest fear is that poor and working class black and white people will stop directing their anger at each other and start directing it at Washington, Silicon Valley, and Wall Street. BLM is a critical tool to thwart that impulse and keep the proletariat separated by race – conveniently divided and conquered. This is how something as innocuous as ‘All Lives Matter’ is transformed into a racial slur instead of a rousing rallying cry. BLM gives away its establishment protection game by so aggressively making enemies out of potential allies, proving it would rather separate people than bring them together for a clear common cause – stopping police brutality. There are other signs that BLM is the establishment’s controlled opposition. For example, when a protest by QAnon clowns at the Capitol building turned into a riot, it was immediately labeled an ‘insurrection’ and false stories about it were propagated throughout the mainstream media, with the feds hunting down the perpetrators. But these same feds and media supported BLM’s “mostly peacefulprotests” that attacked police stations and government buildings, took over portions of major cities like Portland and Seattle and turned others into looted, chaotic, burning madhouses for months. Another example is highlighted in the film when Hampton belittles the idea of a school name change as some kind of substantial victory. BLM specializes in this sort of self-righteous symbolism, empty sloganeering (‘Defund the Police’), and toothless grandstanding that intentionally doesn’t address the actual conditions under which poor people suffer. It is all style over substance, as BLM would rather bring down statues than hunger, homelessness, or homicide rates. What makes Judas and the Black Messiah so poignantly tragic is that it shows that the FBI, which the left now adores, has always been the front line for American fascism, and its victory over genuine dissent has been spectacular. This is why we now have vapid, race-hustling, racial grievance grifters like Al Sharpton instead of intellectual giants like Malcolm X and MLK. And why we got the ‘hope and change’ charlatanry of Barack Obama, a maintenance man for the status quo who dutifully bails out Wall Street while Main Street crumbles, instead of the revolutionary Fred Hampton. And why we are fed the lap dog of blacklivesmatter play-acting at defiance, while being whole-heartedly embraced by the corporate and political power structure, instead of the bulldog of the Black Panthers putting genuine fear into the establishment. The blacklivesmatter contingent think they’re Fred Hampton, but they’re frauds, phonies, shills, and sellouts, just like Bill O’Neal. And that’s why I recommend Judas and the Black Messiah… not just for the standout performances of Kaluuya and Stanfield, but because it rightfully exposes those bourgeois BLM bulls**tters. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515603-judas-black-messiah-blm/
"15 Feb, 2021","Gagging opponents is not unity, conservative reporter who was shoved & rubbed with dirty diaper at BLM rally tells RT","Days after the Capitol Hill riot, a conservative journalist was assaulted and harassed at a BLM rally in New York. Her ordeal shows how people sharing their political beliefs in today’s America risk physical harm, she told RT. Tara Anne Szczepanski, 33, is a Polish-American political commentator and independent reporter. On January 10, she attended a small protest in Madison Square Park where blacklivesmatter (BLM) activists accosted her after she started filming them. “The mob turned against me after recognizing that I am a Trump supporter,”she told RT.“With the hatred that is going on currently in America, I felt very much in fear for myself.” According to Szczepanski and footage of the incident, there were several people covering the BLM rally, but the protesters didn’t want to be filmed and demanded that the cameras were switched off. After she and others refused, she was egged and shoved around, while one activist tried to rub a soiled baby diaper in her face, footagereleasedby the NYPD showed. Szczepanski escaped the angry crowd. An already tense situation escalated further, after she was identified by a protester. Several of them pursued her, spraying a silly thread at her and calling her a“F*****g Nazi,”a slur she says was particularly hurtful due to her Polish ancestry. Attacked at a#BLM#Antifa#NyCrally, smashed egg in my head, hit with umbrella, spat on, knocked with a skateboard as the crowd says don’t protect her she’s for Trump.pic.twitter.com/hpSTdIaZt2 The police later identified and arrested two suspects allegedly involved in the assault, who were both in their early 20s. Instances of pro-Trump supporters harrassing and assaulting journalists covering their event have been extensively covered by the US mainstream media and blamed on the former president’s“incendiary rhetoric”against the press. When similar behavior is shown by the other side, as was the case with Szczepanski, the interest of the press seems to be far less profound. Szczepanski says conservative journalists like herself don’t enjoy the same protection as people on the left, including from the mainstream media that is“espousing more left-wing ideology and liberal voices.” I feel that being conservative media is now very physically threatening to journalists. Like many others in her political camp, Szczepanski sees a pro-left bias in the US media landscape, which has been recently manifesting in open acts of censorship, like deplatforming of conservative speakers by the Big Tech. And the divisiveness is becoming worse, contrary to the core message of national unity coming from the Joe Biden administration. “For true peace to occur, you need people to have civil discourse. It’s not true peace when the other side’s voices are shut off,”she told RT.“It may give a facade of unity or peace, but it’s at the detriment of 75 million Americans who had voted for and do support Donald Trump.” Political polarization in the US hit new heights after the January 6 riot in Washington, DC, when pro-Trump protesters broke into the Capitol building complex in a last-ditch attempt to prevent Biden’s presidency. The House impeached Trump for the second time in his term for allegedly inciting the attack, but the Senate refused to convict him, with just seven Republicans breaking with the party line. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515581-blm-diaper-attack-journalist-szczepanski/
"15 Feb, 2021",RT News - February 15 2021 (12:00 MSK),"As US Democrats cry foul over Donald Trump acquittal. We ask if impeachments are becoming the new norm. Two activists face assault charges after a group of blacklivesmatter protesters attack a Trump-supporting journalist covering a rally. The decision to cast a black British actress as Queen Anne Boleyn in a TV series causes a stir online. We put the issue up for debate. We look back at the last ten tumultuous years in Libya following the Arab Spring. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/news/515579-rtnews-february-15-12msk/
"15 Feb, 2021","Minneapolis releases $6.4mn to police to hire new recruits, as depleted force struggles with soaring crime after calls to defund","The Minneapolis City Council voted unanimously to give police an extra $6.4 million in funding to hire new officers amid a steep increase in violent crime. Dozens of officers quit or went on leave after the George Floyd protests. The City Council voted on Friday to greenlight the release of funds from a Public Safety Staffing Reserve Fund which was set up last year. Police called on lawmakers to boost their budget, citing a lack of officers to deal with the wave of violent crime, as the number of people suffering gunshots wounds grew 250 percent in the first three weeks of the year compared to last year. The number of rapesincreasedby 22 percent and robberies surged by 59 percent. The worrying trends come against the backdrop of an increasingly understaffed force. The Minneapolis Police Department said that around 60 officers left the department last year. Moreover, out of 817 currently employed, only 638 can be deployed to action – 155 officers remain on medical leave, largely due to PTSD, which they claim they experienced following the protests against the death of Minneapolis man George Floyd at the hands of police in May, which spiraled into riots and led to the burning of the police precinct. Some have resigned this year. The exodus coincided with calls to defund the police – one of the rallying cries of the blacklivesmatter protesters – which werebackedby several progressive Democratic lawmakers, including US Representative Rashida Tlaib (D-MI). Late last year, the head of the Minneapolis Police Department’s crime investigation unit, Charlie Adams,reportedthat 41 percent of homicide cases are being solved on average, a drop from over 50 percent before the force was hit with staff shortages. The move by council members – some of whom publiclycalledfor the police to be defunded anddisbandedat the height of the George Floyd protests, suggesting they could be replaced with a ‘public safety department’ – comes after they voted unanimously in December to cut $8 million from the police department. City Council member Steve Fletcher praised the move to slash the budget at the time, calling it“a big step forward into a more compassionate and effective public safety future.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515571-minneapolis-police-extra-funding/
"14 Feb, 2021",‘We’ve opened Pandora’s Box’: Graham floats idea of impeaching Kamala Harris if Republicans retake House,"US Senator Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina) may have voted against impeaching Donald Trump, but he seems open to holding Vice President Kamala Harris to the same standard after the 2022 midterms. Appearing on ‘Fox News Sunday,’ Graham railed against the impeachment trial in the Senate, which ultimately failed, with the 53-47 vote not enough to reach a  ‘guilty’ ruling. He called it an“affront to the law”and“unconstitutional.” Despite its failure, however, the Trump-supporting Republican says Democrats have“opened Pandora’s Box”and leaders like Harris could pay the price. “We’ve opened Pandora’s Box to future presidents. And if you use this model, I don’t know how Kamala Harris doesn’t get impeached if the Republicans take over the House,”he said. Harris was brought up multiple times during the impeachment trial for her past promotion of a bail fund for blacklivesmatter protesters that released rioters who ended up rearrested on separate criminal charges. SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM: ""I don t know how Kamala Harris doesn t get impeached if the Republicans take over the House, because she actually bailed out rioters""pic.twitter.com/hoitBgrkXJ Graham’s apparent threat to Harris, mixed with his own disapproval of the standard used to try and convict Trump for“inciting an insurrection,”have many blasting the senator for hypocrisy, with many also rushing to Harris’ defense. “Well it only works if the impeachee is a Democrat, a woman or Black (in VP Harris’ case she meets all three of Jim Crow Caucus chairman @LindseyGrahamSC’s criteria,”MSNBC’s Joy Reidtweetedin response to a user asking how impeaching Harris could be possible. Graham: This was a reckless use of the impeachment process which should only be used in the most dire of circumstances and also we’re totally coming for Kamala Harris in 2023 just cuz.https://t.co/ejG5odr13l Wow ...@LindseyGrahamSCjust delivered this messaging gift to@dccc@RepSeanMaloneyon Fox News saying, “I don’t know how Kamala Harris doesn’t get impeached if the Republicans take over the House.”Every Republican candidate should be asked if they will impeach@KamalaHarris Trump turnt Lindsey into a traitorous idiot.https://t.co/bEGmbU9Ihp Others even suggested Republicans taking control of Congress could mean a chance to overturn election results in 2024. “Graham is correct about the stakes of the 2022 midterms: If Republicans take Congress, they could not only impeach Biden and/or Harris (though unlikely they’d have the votes to convict), they could potentially succeed in overturning the results of the 2024 election,”former Barack Obama speechwriter Jon Favreausuggested. Graham also revealed to Fox News that he’d spoken to Trump since the trial ended and suggested the former president will be actively involved in the republicanparty going forward. “I spoke to him last night; he was grateful to his lawyers. He appreciated the help that all of us provided. You know, he ready to move on and rebuild the republicanparty ,”he said, adding the former president is“excited”for the 2022 midterm elections. Trump’s influence over the republicanparty has been a hotly-debated topic, especially in light of seven Republican senators voting to impeach on Saturday, and Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) seemingly turning on his past support and giving a speech on the Senate floor saying Trump was“responsible”for the January 6 riot at the US Capitol – despite voting against impeachment – and suggesting he could be pursued in criminal court. Graham said McConnell’s speech could come back to haunt Republicans. “I think Senator McConnell’s speech, he got a load off his chest, obviously, but unfortunately he put a load on the back of Republicans,”he said.“That speech you will see in 2022 campaigns.” If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515567-graham-kamala-harris-impeachment/
"14 Feb, 2021",Premier League hopefuls announce they will stop taking knee for blacklivesmatter after realizing stunt is not ‘having an impact’,"London club Brentford have met a divided response after becoming the latest high-profile club in the UK to announce that they will no longer taking a knee before matches, explaining that they feel the gesture has run its course. The sight of squads taking a knee before kick-off has been a feature of elite matches in England since last summer, but its value has become increasingly questioned against a backdrop of escalating racism against players on social media. On the same day as Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha attacked the authenticity of some public efforts to genuinely curb the problem, players from the contenders in the second-tier Championship revealed that they would drop the move with immediate effect ahead of their match on Sunday. ""We have been taking a knee before games since June but, like many of our fellow players at other clubs, no longer believe that this is having an impact,""they said in a statement made after""lengthy discussions"". A statement from the#BrentfordFCdressing roomFull statement 👉https://t.co/yyF37QU4eepic.twitter.com/HQqPUDwVT8 Fair play for having the balls to be first 👏 Facts it’s just a token gesture nothing is actually getting done about it ""We believe we can use our time and energies to promote racial equality in other ways. ""We have experienced racist abuse first hand and have also seen some appalling comments made to other players past and present. ""There is a clear need to continue to push for an end to all discrimination and, as players, we will be part of that at Brentford FC, in football in general and in the wider community. Especially when you continually see the racial abuse on social media carrying on.. its a nice gesture but ultimately means nothing if something doesnt get done about the racism The only impact it has is highlighting is that racism will always is always there. People are too stuck in there ways. It’s a shame and I’m glad I was raised not to see colour. I just hate when the racist 🤬 cheer of a black player scores for the team they support! It would have been naive in the first place to think that only taking the knee, will eradicate the problem. But it is going to be part of the solution, and it certainly doesn t hurt the cause. Why make a fuss out of nothing? ""Togetherness is one of our key values as a group and plays an important role in helping us move towards reaching our goals. Racism is the opposite of what we stand for. ""As players, we will show our commitment to togetherness and racial equality on and off the pitch between now and the end of the season, and beyond. We will also support our colleagues at other clubs that still want to take a knee before games."" Jon Varney, the club chief executive, reiterated that the move had been a collaborative decision between the playing staff and club hierarchy. You re right, it needs to be coupled with other measures so that the message doesn t fall by the wayside. Maybe put some measures un place via the FA players association? It no longer had an impact months ago The only ‘impact’ it ever had was divisive, turning people away from watching in many cases.Any specific anti racism theme would be very well supported, but politics and BLM have no place in sport.The companies who gave it their support should be ashamed.Doubt they are? ""Taking a knee is just one way our players have been showing their commitment to racial equality,""he said. ""We supported their desire to do it and we now support their desire to focus on other ways to show this commitment. ""We have been very clear in our ambition to be the most inclusive club in the country and our players want to and will play a big part on this journey.” Of course it isn’t. Did it ever? No question that there is a major racism issue but players kneeling down for a few seconds before a game isn’t going to solve it. Social media platforms need to take the first step by implementing adequate controls. Doesnt solve it but if ur 8 years old watching a football match and u see ur idol kneel with his teamates against a cause ur going to feel strongly about that cause It clearly does have an effect. The fact people are getting mad at “kneeling for a few seconds” is embarrassing and completely proves its importance The discourse around racism in football has sharply changed in recent weeks following a seemingly endless procession of vile attacks on players including Chelsea and England defender Reece James and several Manchester United stars via social media. Organizations including the FA have implored bosses at platforms including Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to take action, with many warning that change is unrealistic unless stronger measures are enforced. Responding to Brentford observations about kneeling being ineffective, one respondent said:""Of course it isn’t. It may not directly solve it but it also doesn’t damage it, it just brings racists out of their woodwork and keeps us all understanding there’s still a massive problem. It’s obviously controversial but so is everything that puts white privilege into disrepute Its certainly had an impact, its turned many away from even watching it on TV I wondered how long it would take and I wonder who else will follow. We already see some players/other sports not kneeling. I m all for supporting the anti-racism campaign but I feel this is only done as a routine thing now. ""No question that there is a major racism issue but players kneeling down for a few seconds before a game isn’t going to solve it. Social media platforms need to take the first step by implementing adequate controls."" Others strongly disagreed.""It clearly does have an effect,""said one reader who felt that Brentford had blundered. ""The fact people are getting mad at kneeling for a few seconds is embarrassing and completely proves its importance."" Another argued:""It may not directly solve [the issue] but it also doesn’t damage it. It just brings racists out of their woodwork and keeps us all understanding there’s still a massive problem. ""It’s obviously controversial but so is everything that puts white privilege into disrepute."" A blacklivesmatter supporter suggested:""If you re eight years old, watching a football match and you see your idol kneel with his teammates against a cause, you re going to feel strongly about that cause."" One of the Bees London neighbours, Millwall, were involved when kneeling at matches first came under serious scrutiny in the UK. The ensuing row extended to involve politicians when fans booed as players took the knee during a match at the club stadium in December. Another Championship club in the capital, QPR, dropped the gesture in September.“Taking the knee was very powerful but we feel that impact has now been diluted,”said Les Ferdinand, the club director of football and the only black person in his position in the English game, at the time. The former England striker added:""No-one is more passionate than me about this topic. I have spoken on the matter throughout my footballing life. “The taking of the knee has reached a point of ‘good PR’ but little more than that. The message has been lost. It is now not dissimilar to a fancy hashtag or a nice pin badge. “What are our plans with this? Will people be happy for players to take the knee for the next 10 years but see no actual progress made? Taking the knee will not bring about change in the game - actions will.” ",https://www.rt.com/sport/515543-brentford-black-lives-matter-kneeling/
"13 Feb, 2021",Trump impeachment acquittal is a victory for ‘white supremacy’… according to liberals crying over ‘sad day in America’,"Though Donald Trump’s impeachment was not expected by most to pass in the Senate, the former president’s loudest critics expressed their shock on social media by equating it to a victory for fascism and white supremacy. “It is a sad day in America when only 7 republicans have the patriotism and integrity to convict a tyrant,”actress and Democrat activist Alyssa Milano tweeted minutes after Trump’s acquittal was announced, with 43 senators ultimately voting down the article of impeachment accusing the former president of“inciting an insurrection.” Milano and others recommended Trump be tried in an actual court, a highly unlikely scenario. It is a sad day in America when only 7 republicans have the patriotism and integrity to convict a tyrant.Since the senate won’t do its job and convict the traitor Donald Trump, the courts will have to. In order for Trump to be convicted, 17 Republicans would have had to side with Democrats on the impeachment, which many speculated was implausible. Ultimately, seven Republicans voted to impeach after closing arguments from Trump’s defense team and Democrats pushing for the conviction. The Republicans who supported Trump through the trial – many of whom chalked up Trump’s rhetoric on January 6 in the run-up to the US Capitol riot and before then pushing election fraud allegations as free speech that should not be legally punished – faced the wrath of liberals for their decisions, blasted as“enemies of democracy”and“fascists.” The 43 Republican senators who voted to acquit Donald Trump and produce the not guilty verdict today will be remembered in the American story and throughout history as traitors and enemies of democracy and the rule of law. Moral and political cowards. We are a country where the gop With the exception of a small minority - is openly fascisthttps://t.co/8sJqibJeHI Not much a President of the United States can do that’s worse than inciting an insurrection. Forty-three Senators have just said either he didn’t do it or it’s OK. Every democracy-loving American will pay for today’s verdict in the future. “I don’t know who needs to hear this, but this whole impeachment is really just a referendum on whether white supremacy should continue to be the organizing principle of the United States of America,”comedian W. Kamau Belltweetedabout the result. Comparing Trump’s acquittal to a victory for“white supremacy”was a common thread among Trump critics on Twitter. “Acquitting Donald Trump ignores just how dangerous he was and continues to be. So long as there is no accountability, the white supremacy he and others like Senators Ted Cruz and Josh Hawley uplift will remain a threat to our democracy,”the blacklivesmatter Twitter account said. Acquitting Donald Trump ignores just how dangerous he was and continues to be. So long as there is no accountability, the white supremacy he and others like Senators Ted Cruz and Josh Hawley uplift will remain a threat to our democracy.#EndWhiteSupremacy Those 43@GOPmembers have handed a victory to White supremacy today.#impeachment lmfao being surprised/disappointed by this impeachment result is akin to pretending like white supremacy doesn t always win in this country Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) was specifically targeted by many for his not-guilty vote being followed by a Senate floor speech in which he said Trump is“practically and morally responsible”for the riot on January 6. He even appeared to suggest Trump could be open to criminal prosecution as a private citizen. Mitch McConnell literally minutes after voting to acquit Donald Trump for insurrection. My guess is this won’t age well...pic.twitter.com/qZAEszAJuR “After voting to acquit, McConnell is slamming Trump for his lies leading up to Jan 6 and the violence at the Capitol. A McConnell vote to convict could have changed everything,”CNN’s Jim Acostatweeted. Moments after voting NOT GUILTY, McConnell says Trump ""practically and morally responsible ..... no question about it"" gives lengthy speech railing against his conduct before, during and after insurrection. Do not doubt that if Sen. Mitch McConnell had voted to convict, he could have brought 9 GOP senators with him and ended Donald Trump vile, insurrectionist, seditious political career. What happens now is on the head of McConnell—who earlier called Trump actions ""impeachable."" McConnell now giving a CYA speech to try to cover his cowardice today in an attempt to preserve his legacy. No excuses. You own this. The GOP is Trump republicanparty now! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515516-trump-impeachment-acquittal-mcconnell/
"13 Feb, 2021","Democrats BACKTRACK on vote to call witnesses at Trump’s impeachment trial, averting a potential political quagmire","Hours after a surprise vote to allow for calling witnesses in Donald Trump’s impeachment trial, the US Senate agreed to enter into the record a statement that prosecutors considered critical, averting weeks or months of testimony. House impeachment managers and lawyers for Trump agreed on Saturday to enter as evidence a statement by Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-Washington) describing what she had been relayed about a telephone call during the January 6 Capitol riot. The congresswoman said late Friday that when House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-California) called Trump and asked him to demand a stop to the violence, the former president replied,“Well, Kevin, I guess these people are more upset about the election than you are.” pic.twitter.com/6N8vg5PRJz Although Herrera Beutler has publicly discussed her allegation with constituents, colleagues, and media outlets since last month, House impeachment manager Jamie Raskin (D-Maryland) said her statement necessitated calling witnesses because it was a critical piece of new evidence to help prove that Trump incited the riot. The Senate voted 55-45 to allow for witnesses – over the objections of Trump’s lawyers – with Senator Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina) and four other Republicans joining the Democrats in opening the door for testimony. The decision to instead settle for entering Herrera Beutler’s statement in the trial record put the case back on track to be completed as soon as Saturday. Allowing the lawyers to call witnesses was a potential double-edged sword for the Democrats because it would delay completion of the trial and potentially lead to more political theater, undermining President Joe Biden’s legislative agenda. As Graham warned last week, the Republicans would demand to hear from a long list oftheir own witnessesif the Democrats pressed for employing subpoenas. Among the targets would not only be representatives of the FBI to testify about the alleged pre-planning of the January 6 Capitol riot and apparent security breakdowns – but also Democrat politicians themselves. Given that former President Trump is charged with inciting the riot with his political rhetoric, the Republicans want to examine what they consider the even more direct incitements of violence by Democrats. For instance, Vice President Kamala Harris was accused of inciting political violence last year when she promoted a bail fund to get blacklivesmatter and Antifa rioters released from jail. “How’s that notinciting future violence?”Graham asked.“Be careful what you wish for, my Democratic colleagues. Be careful what you wish for.” Before the agreement on Herrera Beutler’s statement, Trump lawyer Michael van der Veen said he would need to take depositions from upward of 100 witnesses, including Harris and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-California). As he angrily pounded his finger on the dais and demanded that the depositions be done in person, in his office in Philadelphia, he pronounced the city’s name“Phillydelphia,”setting off gales of laughter in the Senate chamber. Apparently confused by the response, he explained how depositions work.“I don’t know why you’re laughing,”he said.“It is civil process. That is the way lawyers do it.” ""That the way it works, folks ... I don t know why you re laughing ... there nothing laughable here"" -- the Senate chamber breaks out in laughter after van der Veen threatens to depose Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris not by Zoom, but in his office in Philadelphiapic.twitter.com/T0xiozHckE The Democrats appear unlikely to succeed in convicting Trump, which would require a two-thirds Senate majority, or as many as 67 votes. All but five of the 50 Republicans in the Senate voted for a motion to declare the effort to convict a former president unconstitutional. Senate Minority LeaderMitch McConnell(R-Kentucky) reportedly told colleagues on Saturday that he would vote to acquit Trump. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515511-trump-impeachment-witnesses-canceled/
"13 Feb, 2021","‘No arrests’: Portland protesters pelt officers with ice, break windows of businesses as police RETREAT and post pictures (VIDEO)","Portland police say officers “remained out of sight as much as possible” after being pelted with snowballs by protesters, who would go on to damage multiple businesses after the police retreat. Portland, Oregon continues to deal with protests turning violent, even though police are bending over backward to stay out of sight – according to the latest police statements on Friday’s violent protest. Despite heavy snowfall, 30 to 50 protesters marched on Friday night to the Central Precinct, according to the Portland Police Department. The demonstrators proceeded to throw snowballs at police vehicles and then at officers when they left the station to move the vehicles to prevent damage. “Quit your job!”protesters yelled at officers as they were pelted with snowballs. The cops did not engage. Police eventually moved back inside the precinct and locked the doors, ignoring protesters. The department defended the decision as“an effort to avoid confrontation and de-escalate the situation.” Snowballs thrown at police officers as the crowd chants “Quit your job!” here in Portland#Portland#PortlandSnow#PortlandProtestspic.twitter.com/cnRP1QVdlb “Officers remained out of sight as much as possible,”the department said in astatement.“However, officers were forced to monitor in case the group became more violent or caused damage to city property.” Despite that effort, protesters did cause property damage, smashing the windows of a Starbucks and a center for urgent care. Windows smashed at an urgent care center in downtown Portland#Portland#PortlandProtests#PortlandOregonpic.twitter.com/jXZYUBdhhY Portland Police are now seeking information on the identity of the protesters, but zero arrests were made on Friday evening. In tweeting out their official statement on the matter, the department referred to the protesters actions against police as simple“harassment.” “Protesters Harass Officers, Throw Ice, Break Windows,”they tweeted. “You misspelled ‘criminals,’”One America News contributor Victoria Taft tweeted mockingly in response. Despite the headline to their statement, the department did go on to call the protesters a“hostile group.” Other critics noted the casual response of officers to the Portland group as business-as-usual for the city, which has dealt with numerous violent protests from blacklivesmatter and Antifa groups, who have clashed with police for months now and at times have caused significant property damage. “Meanwhile in PDX: ‘No one was arrested,’”‘No Safe Spaces’ producer Owen Brennantweeted. On 12 Feb., dozens of#antifagathered in downtown Portland to riot during a snowstorm. Police retreated inside the central precinct & had to lock the doors. The antifa then smashed up buildings, including an urgent care office. No one was arrested.https://t.co/anSoOmFFPvpic.twitter.com/6g1klbTRf3 They smash up your health care at night, and the next day come around with some bandaids in a little red wagon labeled “mutual aid” and you’re supposed to thank them.https://t.co/A7QNNshe1h If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515504-portland-police-protesters-precinct/
"13 Feb, 2021",‘Why must I kneel down?’ Premier League star Zaha calls blacklivesmatter ‘degrading’ as he slams football’s ‘tick box’ tokenism,"Crystal Palace forward Wilfried Zaha has hit out at the ongoing blacklivesmatter protests in English football, saying that it is ""degrading"" to kneel before each game without seeing any real substantive culture change. The Ivory Coast international has been a target for social media trolls - including from a 12-year-old boy - amid the ongoing debate about online racial abuse and says that he has grown weary of the pre-game ritual of taking a knee prior to kick-off, which was designed to demonstrate that black players matter just as much as their white counterparts. The 28-year-old ex-Manchester United player also slammed football authorities for endorsing the protests so vigorously when, he says, it hasn t led to any meaningful change within the sport. ""The whole kneeling down - why must I kneel down for you to show that we matter?"" Zaha told theOn The Judypodcast. A post shared by Wilfried Zaha (@wilfriedzaha) ""Why must I even wear blacklivesmatter on the back of my top to show you that we matter? This is all degrading stuff."" blacklivesmatter protests have been commonplace in English football since the death early last summer of African-American man George Floyd while in police custody. Cell phone footage shot of the incident ignited a furious racial debate in the United States - much of which has continued in European sport. But Zaha claims that the protests have been diluted to such an extent that they are little more than exercises in""box ticking"". ""When people constantly want to get me to do blacklivesmatter talks and racial talks and I m like, I m not doing it just so you can put Zaha spoke for us . Like a tick box, basically,"" he said. ""I m not doing any more because unless things change, I m not coming to chat to you just for the sake of it, like all the interviews I ve done. ""All these platforms - you see what happening, you see people making fake accounts to abuse black people constantly, but you don t change it. ""So don t tell me to come and chat about stuff that not going to change. Change it."" The debate has been amplified recently by a spate of incidents involving the racial abuse of black footballers. Manchester United pair Anthony Martial and Axel Tuanzebe were targeted by racist fans online last month, while Chelsea Reece James and numerous other Premier League footballers have also been singled out for abusive messages. Earlier this month, an Irish teenager escaped jail time after sending a series of aggressively racist messages to former Arsenal and England striker Ian Wright after he used the player likeness in a video game. Wright subsequently expressed his anger that the 18-year-old Irishman escaped without punishment. As Zaha alleges, nothing will change within the sport until examples are made of those who use social media to express racist and demeaning motives. ""All that stuff that you lot are doing, all these charades mean nothing,"" he said. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/515486-wilfried-zaha-black-lives-matter/
"13 Feb, 2021","A black actress as Anne Boleyn? Off with the casting director’s head! In the fake news era, history should be trustworthy","Casting Jodie Turner-Smith to play Anne Boleyn in a new Channel 5 series is not only historical inaccuracy, it’s a part of a long-term cultural shift that will not heal racial tensions but only stoke them further. ByPeter Lloyd, journalist and author based in London. Follow him on Twitter@Suffragentleman Tudor Britain was ‘problematic’ for many reasons. Firstly, life was tough. Really tough. There was no welfare state, no NHS and no criminal justice system, which meant disease, starvation and crime were rife. People might’ve stolen to survive, but theft greater than five pence would often result in a brutal (and very public) execution. Even if you led a moral existence, the average life expectancy was only 35 years. And they would’ve been tough, testing years under the tyrannical reign of Henry VIII. After electing himself the head of the English Church, he swiftly passed the 1534 Treason Act, which brutally punished people for wrongthink. Reckon former US President Donald Trump was bad? Any criticism of Henry VIII would lead straight to the chopping block. Which, by modern-day standards, means he was ‘literally Hitler’ four centuries before the Fuhrer even existed. However, worse than all of these flaws is the fact Tudor England was sorely lacking in diversity and inclusion. In other words, it was white. Very, very white. Levels of immigration were negligible in England from 1400-1600, so the county was caucasian by innocent circumstance. Exclusive: Variety can reveal the first look of Jodie Turner-Smith as one of the most famous figures in history, Tudor Queen Anne Boleyn.https://t.co/mKJB334XMu Thankfully, this ‘racist’ reality has been rewritten in a new Channel 5 drama, Anne Boleyn, which stars black actress Jodie Turner-Smith as the ill-fated Queen. The show’s first-ever publicity shots werepublishedthis week by the Variety newspaper, sparking debate on social media; some arguing it was progressive and cutting-edge, others dismissing it as ‘woke wankery.’ Unsurprisingly, the latter were called racist bigots. But do they have a legitimate point? The answer, of course, is yes. Anne Boleyn is not a work of fiction, such as Doctor Who, Wonder Woman or James Bond, who could be reimagined on a casting director’s whim. Boleyn was a real-life monarch. A part of England’s heritage. Her ethnicity, like her gender and nationality, are integral to her story. To alter this is to remove context and authenticity. This is why all period dramas strive for verisimilitude, AKA the appearance of being real. It’s why characters dress in old-fashioned costumes and converse in olde English language. More importantly, it’s why we don’t see wind farms in the backgrounds of period drama filming locations. Art can be many things, but it also must be authentic. Especially when it trades on history. Otherwise, it is culturally appropriating somebody’s else’s ‘lived experience’ and exploiting it. Worse still, it exploits black performers like Turner-Smith who are hired to appease the far-left mob and circumvent cancel culture. Let’s face it, this is the real reason she has been cast in Boleyn’s role. Wouldn’t it be better to tell stories of black historical figures who’ve previously been overlooked? After all, we are constantly lectured about the problems of ‘whitewashing’ and ‘yellow face’, yet here we have rank hypocrisy from liberal artsy types who do that in reverse. If this is OK, then when are we hiring Jason Statham for a new TV drama on the life and times of Nelson Mandela? Or Kate Beckinsale in a biography of Michelle Obama? Surely consistent principles cut both ways. Ultimately, however, the real reason people are unhappy by Turner-Smith’s casting is not just about historical inaccuracy – it’s the fact it’s political, rather than artistic. It part of a broader, long-term cultural shift that’s already underway. One that stokes tension. See, the young generation rarely read books anymore – they digest much of their historical knowledge through TV and film. Ergo, it’s not unlikely for people to eventually start believing that Anne Boleyn and other important figures really were black, which would only create more drama – the sort which prompted violent protests throughout the US last summer. After all, what happens when Henry VIII (played by white actor Mark Stanley in the new series) cuts off Anne Boleyn’s head? Will that be an act of racism? A crude display of white supremacy? One thing’s for sure, it won’t heal racial tensions. It’ll stoke them. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515434-black-actress-anne-boleyn-history/
"12 Feb, 2021",Isn’t it strange how some blacklivesmatter activists become overtly racist when Priti Patel says she won’t take the knee?,"For an organisation supposedly built around respect for others, supporters of BLM in the UK are very quick to take offence and launch vile insults at those who disagree with them – most notably the ballsy home secretary. Tough-as-nails Priti Patel has not only stirred up a wasps’ nest, she’s kicked it over, stomped on it and challenged the vicious insects to a fight. Now all we have to do is sit back and watch. Because, this time, her target is the blacklivesmatter movement. Asked in a radio interview whether she would ever take the knee, she promptlyreplied:“No, I would not. I wouldn’t have at the time, either. There are other ways in which people can express their opinions.” To further incite the intolerant, the Home Secretary described the BLM riots that swept across Britain last summer as“dreadful”. That was enough to make the lid blow off. “Protesting in the way which people did last summer was not the right way at all,”shesaid.“I didn’t support the protests. Those protests were dreadful.” It’s a typically unequivocal position and not derogatory of the BLM movement or its goals at all – just the way some went about showing their fervour for the cause. There have been accusations online that the home secretary is against all protest, but that a clear manipulation of her comments on an issue that she has addressed before, when shetoldher party’s autumn conference,“This government will always defend the right to protest. That right is a fundamental pillar of our democracy, but the hooliganism and thuggery we have seen is not – it is indefensible.” Priti Patel: I oppose violent protestsInterviewer: Here is an example of peaceful protestPriti Patel: I oppose peaceful protestshttps://t.co/83MQHv4C3t Patel continued, “There is no excuse for pelting flares at brave police officers, for throwing bikes at police horses, for disrespecting the Cenotaph or vandalising the statue of Sir Winston Churchill – one of the greatest protectors of our freedoms who has ever lived.” Today, she simply reinforced that view when she was pressed for a comment on the mania for tearing down statues that manifested itself last summer and that continues to split opinions. “There are other ways in which those discussions can take place and, also, quite frankly, I didn’t support that attempt to rewrite history. I felt that that was wrong,”she stressed. And you don’t have to be a fan of the home secretary to see the sense there. What makes Priti Patel such an effective weapon in the government’s armoury on sensitive cultural issues such as this, and on immigration, is her background. Born to Ugandan Asian parents who migrated to the UK, she has genes on her side. As well as cheekbones on which you could sharpen a kitchen knife, and a stare that could freeze hot lava at a thousand paces. And it’s the colour of her skin that really gets under the epidermis of others. Particularly those BLM supporters who live the life of perpetual victimhood and maintain a default position of insanely high dudgeon. Sure enough, it didn’t take long today for these individuals to take offence at Ms Patel’s dismissal of their whole reason for being. “What a f***ing disgrace,”tweeted one enlightened activist.“She’s a coconut, she’s a racist to her own community and serves only white and rich people. Of course she doesn’t support blm and taking the knee!!!!” Ooh, look at all those exclamation marks. That’s someone who’s really angry. And, unfortunately, not that original. The ‘coconut’ accusation – a hugely offensive, racist slur used to denigrate a person with a brown skin who is perceived to be white at heart – was hurled at Patel elsewhere online, as the mainstream media picked up the comments in record time and word spread that a target was ready for abuse. Disgusting. Of course Priti Patel finds the BLM movement ""dreadful: she a coconut whose hitched her political career to the singular cause of furthering whitenesshttps://t.co/KlMTWbXrx6 Priti Patel is the epitome of a coconut. But she’s not alone. Just a couple of months back, her colleague, the black Foreign Office Minister James Cleverly,saidhe wouldn’t take the knee and neither should others feel bullied into doing so. It was strange that he attracted only a fraction of the attention or online abuse afforded the home secretary. There were also no insulting comments about his height, his weight or his body shape, or any suggestion that he took to both knees in order to sexually favour his superiors. These insults are reserved for the home secretary because she’s a woman and because social media nitwits who spew them think it helps their cause by making them look superior and giving them the moral high ground over a politician. This is not the first time she’sdrawn fire. It happens frequently. The fact that Priti Patel seems unfazed by such rubbish must drive them insane. It also gives the rest of us a laugh at their expense. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515430-priti-patel-knee-blm/
"12 Feb, 2021","‘Those protests were dreadful’: UK Home Secretary says she ‘wouldn’t kneel’ for BLM, kicking off online slugfest","Britain’s Home Secretary Priti Patel is no fan of the ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ movement, and her latest anti-BLM declaration, in which she called the demonstrations “dreadful,” has ignited a storm of controversy online. Speaking to London-based radio station LBC on Friday, Patel told host Nick Ferrari that she wouldn’t“take the knee”for the blacklivesmatter movement, as so many professional athletes, entertainers, and evenpoliticiansare wont to do. “No I would not, I would not have at the time either. There are other ways in which people can express their opinions,”Patel said.“Protesting in the way in which people did last summer was not the right way at all.” Nick Ferrari - Would you take the knee, Priti Patel?#PritiPatel- No, I wouldn t have the time.#LBCpic.twitter.com/yCrovWuRJc Beginning in the US after the death of George Floyd in police custody in Minneapolis, Minnesota, blacklivesmatter protests and riots soon spread across the western world last summer. In the UK, protesters in London clashed with police, desecrated statues, and according to a majority of Brits,increased racial tensions. Patel called the demonstrations, which in London saw a mobpeltbottles and stones at police, as“dreadful.”Though her condemnation was unambiguous, it was not the first time she’s lobbed some harsh words at BLM. She described the movement’s protests as rife with“hooliganism and thuggery”in October, and told rioters in June that“there is no excuse”for vandalizing Britain’s war memorials. “There are other ways in which those discussions can take place and, also, quite frankly I didn t support that attempt to re-write history,”she added, referring to certain councilspurgingthe names of ‘problematic’ historical figures from their street names.“I felt that that was wrong.” Her refusal to entertain the idea of kneeing for BLM earned her praise from the British right. Quite right, Home Secretary! 👍 Whenever anyone trends on this website - Priti Patel today for example - it because they ve said something manifestly provable, logical and accurate. Completely agree, well said Minister@pritipatelhttps://t.co/srLl5hnSGU However, she also drew scorn from the left, with one commenterdescribingher as“one of the most repulsive individuals ever to hold high office in a British govt.” Sometimes I think when Boris Johnson needs the public to be distracted from his failures he just pushes Priti Patel out the door and says ""Go be yourself!"". The number of times I’ve needed to protect my energy from the ramblings of Priti Patel... wheww! 🙅🏽‍♀️ Weird how people who are told to protest *peacefully* if they want their grievances to be taken seriously by politicians get criticised by Priti Patel for kneeling. Though Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently issued awhispered declarationthat“there’s nothing wrong with being woke,”several of his ministers have pushed back against the liberal orthodoxy that saw BLM celebrated across the west over the last year, often to the chagrin of the liberal press. Equalities Minister Liz Trusscalledon the government late last year to abandon its decade-long focus on“fashionable”issues of race, gender and sexual orientation, and focus on fighting poverty and income inequality instead. Days beforehand, the governmentscrappedmandatory“unconscious bias training”for civil servants, with Cabinet Office Minister Julia Lopez stating that bias training“may not only activate and reinforce unhelpful stereotypes, [it] may provoke negative reactions and actually make people exacerbate their biases.” ",https://www.rt.com/uk/515424-priti-patel-knee-blm/
"12 Feb, 2021",Cambridge academics slated by Brits for conference declaring Winston Churchill ‘WORSE THAN THE NAZIS’,"Winston Churchill was a white supremacist and the British Empire “morally poorer than the Third Reich,” a group of Cambridge University academics have declared. Their comments infuriated patriotic Brits. When the former UK prime minister founded Churchill College at Cambridge University in 1958, he likely couldn’t have foreseen that in 2021, academics there would be gathering to compare him unfavorably to Adolf Hitler. Yet that’s exactly what took place on Thursday, in a virtual discussion titled, ‘The Racial Consequences of Mr Churchill’. Led by ProfessorPriyamvada Gopal(of“white lives don’t matter”fame), the panel of academics picked his legacy apart. Participants called Churchill“the perfect embodiment of white supremacy,”and labeled the British Empire morally poorer than the Third Reich, according to theTelegraph. Professor Kehinde Andrews, author of a journalarticledeclaring“whiteness”a“psychosis,”claimed that“the British Empire [was] far worse than the Nazis and lasted far longer.” Dr. Onyeka Nubia, Professor of Black Studies at Birmingham City University, added that the terms“English Speaking Peoples”and“Anglo-Saxon”in Churchill’s ‘History of the English Speaking Peoples’ were“white supremacist.” Indian-American writer Dr. Madhusree Mukerjee argued that the prime minister viewed Indians as“rabbits,”and his policies had a direct role in the Bengal Famine of 1943, in which as many as three million people perished. Mukerjee downplayed the role Britain played in winning the Second World War, stating,“it was the Soviets who defeated the Nazis and the Americans who defeated the Japanese.” The tone of the conference didn’t play well with some patriotic Brits, for whom Churchill’s wartime leadership places him beyond reproach.“You invite a panel of race-baiting Marxists steeped in critical theory to pass judgement on Churchill and we see the expected result,”onecommented. Cambridge panel of academics claim Churchill was a white supremacist leading an empire worse than the Nazis I wonder what my Jewish grandfather would make of this who was able to escape Nazi Germany and come to this country because of Churchill. I cannot wait for Hitler redemption arc in the woke history syllabus. Maybe Churchill College needs a new name?https://t.co/fwjv0yFykG This is the kind of narrative the loudmouthed bullying vile toxic mentally deranged hard left are trying to foist upon British society! NO,NO, NO!Churchill College panel claims wartime PM was a white supremacist leading an empire worse than the Nazis https://t.co/hsozVS8q9u The talk had its fans, however, many of them fellow academics and students. This talk about Churchill was so interesting. Thank you to@PriyamvadaGopaland@RichardToye. Listening to this is definitely worth your time! Here is the link:https://t.co/v7LsHQMisV#History#India#BLM I did school history until end of Yr 9 & I have family interested in military history. I didn t know about the Bengal Famine until my 20s & I educate myself by attending events like this lecture, which was so informative. Important to ask why some want me to remain ignorant.https://t.co/MhNGw45mjI A staunch imperialist, Churchill did indeed express views and take actions that would have him excommunicated from modern politics. He once called the white race“a higher grade race”than others, considered Islam“as dangerous in a man as hydrophobia in a dog,”withheld food from Bengal in 1943, and as secretary of state for war, ordered the Black and Tans deployed to Ireland, where their brutal tactics of repression solidified popular support for independence. To the woke brigade, this“problematic”legacy, to quote the panelists at Thursday’s discussion, eclipses Churchill’s steering of Britain through some of the darkest hours of the Second World War. Sir Winston’s statue wasdefacedby ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ protesters in London last Summer, and his name wasremovedthis week from a house at Seaford Head School in East Sussex, along with that of ‘Harry Potter’ author JK Rowling. Across the Atlantic, one of the first changes President Joe Biden made to the Oval Office following his inauguration last month was the removal of a bust of Churchill, which had been placed there by Donald Trump. The Cambridge conference drew ire from academia as well as from Twitter. Historian Dr. Zareer Masani wrote to the university before the event, warning that the speakers aimed only to“vilify”Churchill. Andrew Roberts, an admirer and biographer of Churchill, described the academics’ claims as“entirely factually incorrect,”and Churchill himself as“instrumental in destroying the worst racist in history, Adolf Hitler.” ",https://www.rt.com/uk/515391-churchill-worse-than-hitler-conference/
"12 Feb, 2021",China’s totalitarian rules for performers are a perfect fit for unrelentingly woke Hollywood,"In honor of China’s Orwellian rules for entertainment industry right-think, I’ve compiled a comparable list for working in equally unforgiving Hollywood. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo The two global gold standards when it comes to open-mindedness and tolerance for diversity of opinion have always been Hollywood and China. Like Sauron and Saruman’s two towers in Tolkien’sLord of the Rings, Hollywood and China are monuments to artistic freedom and freedom of expression, at least I think that’s what the two towers stand for, since I’ve never actually read the book or seen the movie because of my egregiously short attention span and intellectual laziness. China has long had an informal list of rules and requirements, or as I prefer to call them, “right-think guidelines,” that its entertainers must follow in order to stay in the good graces of the totally non-totalitarian government. Recently, the Chinese Association of Performing Arts made these informal rulesofficialso that performers can better “self-regulate” and avoid punishments that could include a lifetime ban. As a resident of the People’s Republic ofLa La Land, I believe that Hollywood should boldly follow this shining example and make their unofficial right-think rules official, so that the crucial cultural trait of artistic “self-regulation” becomes more efficient and effective here in America. China’s rules, such as its demand that performers “ardently support the Communist Party’s line, principle and policies,” and that they become an “art worker for the new era… by using literature and art to serve the people and socialism” are conveniently very adaptable to Hollywood. Hollywood already rightfully demands that performers ardently support wokeism and never deviate from the woke party line, principles and policies. For example, Gina Carano just gotfiredfrom The Mandalorian for allegedly equating woke cancel culture with the holocaust, while her co-star Pedro Pascal committed the same exactcrimebut over Trump’s immigration policy with no consequences. Obviously, Carano is a wrong-think hate criminal, and I say good riddance to her and to her free speech… oops… I mean hate speech! And as evidenced by Hollywood’s endless cavalcade of insipidly sub-par yet gloriously diverse virtue-signaling movies and TV shows, art and entertainment has thankfully already been thoroughly transformed into a conformist cultural propaganda machine, and thank God for that… or how else would we know the right thing to right-think? China’s rules also demand that celebrities should “guide minors to establish the right kind of values and actively resist uncivilized behavior,” which is perfect for Hollywood since it has a very long and rich history of guiding and grooming minors that speaks to the industry’s uniquely affectionate and insatiable love of children. To be blunt, some of China’s rules simply won’t translate to Hollywood… except in reverse. For instance, China bans obscenity, pornography, gambling, drugs, drunk driving and “endangering social morality” for its performers, whereas those things are basically mandatory in Hollywood. Another Chinese rule that won’t make the cut here is the ban on lip-syncing at live performances. China deems it “deceptive,” but if America bans lip-syncing then 97 percent of pop stars will be unemployable except maybe as prostitutes… but I repeat myself. The rest of the right-think rules for working in Hollywood are quite obvious but a bit different from China, so I will state them clearly here. First off there is the ‘diversity/inclusion lack of responsibility’ rule, which states that if a female filmmaker’s movie is terrible, it’s because of misogyny, and if a black director’s movie is bad it’s due to systemic racism. Speaking of diversity, every commercial, no matter the product, must always feature either a person of color, or a bi-racial couple, or a gay couple, or best of all a bi-racial gay couple. Every. Single. One. Also, and I cannot emphasize this enough, cis-gendered actors CANNOT play trans characters. EVER. And straight actors cannot play gay characters. Basically straight actors, particularly the white ones, aren’t allowed to act anymore. But gay actors can play straight characters and trans actors can do absolutely anything because we must honor, respect and worship them. There’s also the Meryl Streep rule, where artists are wholly encouraged to bravelyspeakup but only when they know everyone in Hollywood agrees with them and it costs them absolutely nothing. There’s also the straight white guy rule, where straight white guys are punished for the hate crime of being straight white guys. This is self-explanatory, as pale-faced skirt chasers like me deserve to rot in hell for our disgusting heterosexual masculinity, no matter how great our allyship and self-loathing. Some may think these right-think rules are dictatorial, totalitarian and draconian, but those people need to be silenced, canceled and disappeared. The truth is that Hollywood is a bastion of free expression, just as long as that free expression strictly conforms to woke ideology. For example, Hollywood proudly permits all sorts of vacant, vacuous and vapid virtue-signaling around the topics of race, LGBTQ and feminism or any other wokefully acceptable issue. But if some too-smart-for-their-own-good performer dares to malign or denigrate the corporate hand that feeds, or targets American empire or militarism, or challenges the actual power structure in America, namely the military industrial complex and Israel, I promise you Hollywood will get medieval on their ass. In conclusion, Hollywood should courageously follow in China’s noble footsteps (or is it bootsteps?) regarding enforcement of right-think, because as we all know, artistic “freedom is slavery,” and “ignorance is strength,” which means Hollywood is filled with the strongest people in the world. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515356-chinas-totalitarian-rules-hollywood/
"12 Feb, 2021", UNREAL levels of pandering : Cuomo posts cringeworthy cartoon rap video to promote Covid-19 vaccine to black people,"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo use of an animated rap video to urge black people to get Covid-19 vaccines has gone down like a lead balloon, getting ratioed on Twitter and called ""insulting,"" ""racist"" and ""condescending."" Cuomo tweeted the cartoon on Thursday, calling it a""great video""and saying,""Let fight fear with facts.""The video features 1980s rap star Darryl DMC McDaniels, formerly of Run-DMC, telling his audience to take the vaccine so""we can get back to normal."" Great video from@HHPHorgfeaturing@THEKINGDMCand more.Let fight fear with facts 💪#VaccinateNYpic.twitter.com/o6A31AceY8 The song repeatedly urges listeners to trust in the safety of the Covid-19 vaccines, saying,""If Doc says it good, then trust me it good,""and""Time for us to trust and not debate the vaccine, believe it safe to take.""And contrary to Cuomo line about fighting fear with facts, the video features a giant virus droplet chasing a black man down the street as the rapper says, ""This Covid thing is real, and it will find you. It killing our people, let me remind you."" This is in such poor taste. And exactly why Black people don’t trust y’all 😩💀. None of the fears were even addressed in this embarrassment. Was this geared towards children? Cringe...https://t.co/6EPhX7qfIg Conservative activist Rod Smith, who is black, called the video""pathetic and offensive,""saying that it reflects the view of white liberals that black people are stupid. ""Can you imagine for one moment if a conservative or Republican politician decided to get local rappers and to make rapping cartoon characters into a PSA to try to get black people to take a coronavirus vaccine?""Smith asked.""The woke left minds and their brains would totally explode because of this. But because this is Governor Cuomo, because this is a liberal, then he going to get away with it."" ""White liberals like@NYGovCuomothink black people are so stupid we need rapping cartoon characters to tell us to get the coronavirus vaccine. I really want you to watch this..."" –@robsmithonlinepic.twitter.com/2ZCWpG7cSC But the video was widely panned by observers of varying politics and skin colors. One commenter called it""disrespectful""andasked,""Are y all making a country or pop version for white people?"" Another Twitter userassailedthe quality of the production, saying,""This is hands-down the cringiest animation since Poochie told us to recycle."" Musician R. Tyrane Talliearguedthat the ""unreal levels of pandering""in the video would cause black people who trusted the inoculations to question whether they should trust the vaccines. Another commenter asked whether Cuomo has a""snappy cartoon rap about not committing genocide against the elderly,""alludingto the governor decision to force nursing homes to accept patients infected with Covid-19.""Asking for my grandmother."" A self-described feminist and blacklivesmatter supporter suggested that the video failed to address the real safety concerns that many black people have about the Covid-19 shots.""Did you actually sit down with black folks and see why we re worried about vaccines, or just jumped straight to black stereotypes?""he asked. Did you actually sit down with black folks and see why we’re worried about vaccines? Or just jumped straight to black stereotypes? New York has been among the bottom one-third of US states in terms of its Covid-19 vaccine rollout. Just 9.6 percent of New Yorkers had received at least one vaccine dose as of Thursday, ranking ahead of just 15 other states, according to CDC data. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515326-cuomo-vaccine-rap-video/
"12 Feb, 2021",Charges DISMISSED against two Buffalo cops for ‘assault’ on 75-year-old protester who broke his skull in fall,"Two Buffalo, New York police officers escaped criminal charges for shoving an elderly man during last year’s George Floyd protests. Their indictment for breaking his skull prompted the resignation of the city’s riot police unit. Second-degree assault charges against officers Aaron Torgalski and Robert McCabe were dismissed, Erie County District Attorney John Flynn announced on Thursday. They remain on suspension and still face an internal disciplinary investigation, however. NEW: Charges against the two Buffalo Police officers who shoved a protester to the ground have been dismissed. He suffered a fractured skull after he was pushedhttps://t.co/dLH6RxxhjK The Buffalo Police Benevolent Association was“extremely pleased”that a grand jury decided to dismiss the charges, adding that McCabe and Torgalski“were simply following departmental procedures and the directives of their superiors to clear Niagara Square despite working under extremely challenging circumstances,”according to a statement quoted byWGRZ-TV. The two officers werechargedin early June 2020, after a video emerged of them confronting the 75-year-old Martin Gugino and pushing him away. Gugino, a social justice activist well known in the community, struck the pavement with his head and suffered a skull fracture, spending several days in hospital. As video of the incident made rounds on social media, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo denounced their behavior as“wholly unjustified and utterly disgraceful,”demanding that they be fired. There was tremendous public pressure on the police, in the light of blacklivesmatter protests spreading across the US in the wake of Floyd’s death in Minneapolis, Minnesota the week prior. Members of the Buffalo PD’s Emergency Response Team reacted to the charging of their colleagues as well, however. All 57 of them resigned from the unit, while staying on with the department. In an ironic twist, Cuomo’s Covid-19 lockdown prevented the grand jury from convening to investigate the charges for months, and once it was able to meet, Flynn said he had“higher priority cases”to handle. The two officers are""still suspended pending the conclusion of the internal investigation,""according to a city spokesperson. It is unclear whether they will be reinstated or let go. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515324-buffalo-police-protester-fall-charges/
"10 Feb, 2021",Mark Cuban ban on national anthem during NBA games will deepen US divide. But it’s only the start of a new un-American trend,"Singing ‘The Star Spangled Banner’ at sporting events may seem a bit cheesy, but it helped forge a bond between Americans that is rapidly fraying. So why did the NBA owner ban the tradition at the worst possible time? Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Mark Cuban, billionaire software designer-cum owner of the Dallas Mavericks NBA team, welcomed fans back to American Airlines Center this week for the first game of the season when humans (remember that two-legged species?) were allowed to stand-in for cardboard-cutout spectators ever since the Covid-19 pandemic swept the nation last year. Mavericks fans were undoubtedly excited to experience some semblance of the ‘old normal’ – sitting in the stands, downing some beers, and feeling like the ‘Year 2020’ had all been a bad dream. Of course it would have been swell not to have to wear a mask between hotdog bits and and sips of Budweiser, but beggars can’t be choosers, right? And then something inexplicable happened, or, rather, didn’t happen. The giddy fans were never invited – as they had been hundreds of times before in the past – to rise and join in singing the famous ‘Star Spangled Banner.’ The Mark Cuban national anthem story is not a sports story its part of a much larger campaign against conservative values. The avalanche of negative attacks on GunsReligion National AnthemUS flag Are designed to demonize the brand and conservatives better fight back soon. For those Americans who may have forgotten their history, the anthem was penned on September 14, 1814 by the lawyer and upstart poet Francis Scott Key after witnessing “the bombs bursting in air” during a bombardment of Fort McHenry by the British Royal Navy. It isbelievedthat the anthem was first sung at a sporting event during the Cubs vs. Red Sox 1918 World Series. Admittedly, standing for the anthem was always a rather tedious and slightly comical affair, which forced fans to exert themselves at that divine moment when they were just getting comfortable in their seats. And as a symbol of patriotism, amid an inebriated stadium of rowdy fans, it certainly left a lot to be desired. But the thought of not joining in the patriotic sing-along was simply not something a person would ever think to do – unless, of course, they had a wish to be called a ‘commie bastard’ or something equally sophisticated from the peanut gallery. But just like that, at least for home basketball games in Dallas, Texas, the generations-old tradition had been abruptly scrapped without explanation. Most people, however, already have a good hunch as to the reason why. Cuban’s move comes at a tense period in US history when bread and circuses are no longer the main attraction in town; politics is – or, to be more precise, political correctness and cancel culture are. That much became apparent in 2017 when NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick decided to take a knee in protest against police abuse during the national anthem. The controversial gesture, which helped to divide Americans and the world of sports like never before, took off again last year with the death of George Floyd during an arrest by a white police officer. That videotaped tragedy catapulted the blacklivesmatter movement to front and center as the media provided a single explanation for the destructive riots and protests that ensued: ‘the rise of White supremacism and institutional racism.’ Marching in lockstep as is its penchant, the mainstream media never bothered to suggest alternative causes – like poor police training to handle the vast challenges they face every day – for the high incidence of Black deaths at the hands of the police. After all, white people also regularly lose their lives during brush-ups with the police. But I digress. Perhaps at a slightly less tumultuous time in American history – like when the former US president isn’t being dragged through a second impeachment following a fiercely contested election, and US cities aren’t struggling to rebuild in the aftermath of “mostly peaceful” BLM and Antifa protests, and monuments to famous historical figures were are not being pulled down in the town square like it’s Baghdad circa 2003 – then perhaps Americans might – and that’s a very big ‘might’ – be willing to have a sensible conversation about shelving the national anthem during sporting events. They were never asked, yet it was they who fought all of the wars to keep Old Glory flying over stadiums. As things stand, millions of Americans now have the feeling, supported by empirical evidence, that everything that was once special and sacred in their country is being torn apart by radicals who have absolutely no attachment to the nation and history, imperfect as it may be. Mark Cuban, despite everything America has done for him, essentially flipped the bird to the US flag, its anthem and his own fans by hitching his star to the cancel-culture wolf pack. What is really illogical about his decision is that, from a purely business point of view, it’s like shooting his franchise in both feet. After all, US companies learned the hard way that the average American sports fan has absolutely no interest in being dragged into the middle of cultural wars during sporting events. That much was obvious when ticket sales plummeted at the same time the world of sports, as well as corporate America, was advocating fiercely on behalf of blacklivesmatter , as well as donating heavily to its dubious cause. Today, there is a noxious cloud of corporate greed that hangs over professional sports that was not so visible in the early days. In fact, it’s even tempting to suggest that Mark Cuban believed the singing of the ‘Star Spangled Banner’ was cutting into expensive television airtime that could be better used to hawk beer and automobiles. That would probably be wishful thinking. The bottom line is probably rarely taken into account when these outrageous moves are pushed on the people. CEOs like Mark Cuban have more money than they know what to do with, and they probably know that people will continue attending their spectacles no matter what happens. Source close to Mark Cuban says decision to not play Anthem before Mavs games isn’t because they don’t love U.S., but because many feel anthem doesn’t represent them, and they want to continue discussion of how to represent people from all communities when honoring U.S. at game. What these cancel-culture radicals really want – and are willing to pay any price to achieve – is for the United States to lose every ounce of its national identity, thereby making it much easier to absorb it into the borderless corporate global matrix. Say what one will about Donald Trump, but his very presidency – anchored on the slogan ‘Make America Great Again’ – was predicated on keeping America independent, something that the people now holding power do not want. Under Joe Biden and the progressive radicals in the Democratic Party, which extends to the world of corporate power and beyond, I fear this disastrous, un-American tendency will become increasingly obvious in the next months and years. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/515195-mark-cuban-anthem-nba/
"9 Feb, 2021","Sen. Graham: If Dems call witnesses at Trump trial, we ll call VP Harris, Schumer, Booker, & others who used inflammatory language","Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina) has promised that if Democrats call witnesses during Donald Trump impeachment trial, Republicans will in turn call prominent Democrats who they say used inflammatory language themselves. Speaking to Fox News on Monday evening, Graham said part of the Republicans’ strategy in the impeachment trial could be calling in Democrats who have used inflammatory language similar to Trump’s on January 6. Host Sean Hannity told Graham he wanted to see the GOP call in witnesses, specifically naming Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-New York), President Joe Biden, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-California), and Vice President Kamala Harris, who he said should all be interviewed about past comments. “Here’s what I can tell you: if the House managers want to call one witness, the defense is going to call all the people you named and then some,”the South Carolina senator promised. Graham added that Democrats have“declared war on the presidency itself”and said the impeachment trial, which kicks off today, is tainted by the fact that the House passed the article accusing Trump of “inciting an insurrection” without having an actual hearing, witnesses, or providing the then-president with a defense. Those in favor of impeachment, despite Trump no longer being in office, have argued his speech in Washington, DC shortly before the US Capitol riot incited supporters and turned them towards violence. Though Trump would later denounce the violence and tell those rioting to“go home,”he continued pushing election fraud theories during his speech and told supporters to“fight like hell.” Graham is not the first Republican senator to argue that legally punishing such inflammatory language would open up a wide net for other politicians, especially Democrats. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky), who has blasted impeachment proceedings as a“partisan affair,”told Fox this week that if Trump committed an impeachable offense, then so did Schumer when hetoldNeil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh they would“pay the price”if they voted in favor of a controversial Louisiana abortion law. “He went to the Supreme Court, stood in front of the Supreme Court and said specifically, Hey Gorsuch, Hey Kavanaugh, you ve unleashed a whirlwind. And you re going to pay the price,’”Paul said.“This inflammatory wording, this violent rhetoric of Chuck Schumer was so bad that the chief justice, who rarely says anything publicly, immediately said this kind of language is dangerous as a mob tried to invade the Supreme Court.” Paul pointed to numerous other Democrats, including Harris, who has come under fire from conservatives for promoting a bail fund for blacklivesmatter protesters. Though she has condemned protests that turned violent in the past, many have pointed to her support of the fund as support of violence. One man bailed out twice, for example, is facing charges including damaging a police precinct. “Kamala Harris has offered to pay people’s bail who tried to burn down the courthouse and were rioting in the cities. She offered to pay the bail. Is that inciting people to violence when you re willing to pay people to get out of jail after they committed violence? Should Kamala Harris be impeached? No, the answer is no,”he said, adding that Trump never“did anything close to what”Harris did. In order for Trump to actually be convicted, all 50 Democrats in the Senate will need to vote in favor of impeachment, as well as 17 Republicans. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515067-lindsey-graham-trump-impeachment/
"9 Feb, 2021","Amid internal meltdown at New York Times, ‘1619 Project’ creator doxxes reporter for digging into her own racially charged tweets","In the New York Times’ latest internal scrap, the paper’s leading advocate for critical race theory allegedly doxxed a reporter for calling out her hypocrisy, after a veteran journalist was forced out for using “the N-word.” Donald McNeil Jr., the New York Times top reporter on the Covid-19 pandemic, resigned last week. McNeil, it had been revealed, used a racial slur while on a trip to Peru with students in 2009. McNeil simply repeated the term after a student inquired about its usage, and the paper backed him up, saying he had no malicious intent. Nevertheless, he resigned after 150 employees demanded he be punished, writing in a letter that“our community is outraged and in pain.” Enter Nikole Hannah-Jones, the Times reporter behind the controversial ‘1619 Project’, a work that reframes the entire history of the US as one of white supremacy, and one which prompted former President Donald Trump to wage a government-wide war on the“toxic”ideology of ‘critical race theory’. In a deep-dive article into the Times’ internal strife, Washington Free Beacon reporter Aaron Sibarium discovered that Hannah-Jones had used the word“n***er”twice in a pair of 2016 tweets. While Hannah-Jones – who is black – didn’t use the word maliciously, she nevertheless escaped the scrutiny of her colleagues, who had told Sibarium that,“even in ironic or self-mocking quotations,”racial slurs and epithets would not be tolerated at the paper.“We do not tolerate racist language regardless of intent,”executive editor Dean Baquet told staff in an email. Sibarium did some digging, and found that Hannah-Jones had used the exact same slur in 2016, while she was quoting black comedian Larry Wilmore. More insane behavior from Nikole Hannah-Jones...https://t.co/DQuoX1CNU5pic.twitter.com/uRx9dD4bTf He contacted Hannah-Jones, asking her whether her“intent made a difference”in this case. In response, Sibarium said Hannah-Jones posted his email on Twitter, along with his phone number, and joked about this with her followers. Hannah-Jones has taken down the tweet that contained my phone number. I appreciate that.But it took her over 24 hours to do so—and she clearly knew my number was out there.pic.twitter.com/EBdbPPwjpf By Tuesday morning she had deleted the tweet, along with her old tweets containing the word“n***er.”In fact, some users noted, all recent tweets going back to November 2020 also seemed to have been suddenly deleted. Nikole Hannah Jones seems to have nuked all of her tweets post November 2020. Whatever may or may not be happening behind the scenes, Hannah-Jones was pilloried by pundits and commentators online.“Just imagine the reaction if that were done *to* her rather than by her, even though she wields infinitely more power than he,”journalist Glenn Greenwald tweeted. She left the email with his personal cell phone number up on Twitter for 24 hours, then deleted it. Obviously, he got messages and calls. Just imagine the reaction if that were done *to* her rather than by her, even though she wields infinitely more power than he. Uh oh! Didn t Nikole Hannah-Jones say that if you weren t part of a group, you couldn t use offensive words pertaining to them?CC:@deanbaquetpic.twitter.com/59uLcI0VCr NHJ is a joke, and the newspaper for which she works has blown out its decency and credibilityhttps://t.co/8Hheo6QjNZ Hannah-Jones left her tweet containing the phone number online for more than 24 hours, according to Sibarium. Heclaimsthat the doxxing was“more annoying than alarming,”adding that he had received“some nasty voice messages but nothing serious.” The New York Times has been in disarray of late, with the woke brigade and aging liberals duking it out for control of the Gray Lady’s agenda. The internal drama has been ongoing since the paper’s editors canceled andapologizedfor an op-ed last summer by a sitting US Senator, Tom Cotton, after the ‘woke’ staff claimed his article – which called for the deployment of troops to quash violent ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ riots – put their lives in danger. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/515063-new-york-times-hannah-jones/
"9 Feb, 2021",Doctors found that police played role in death of ‘French George Floyd’ Adama Traore – media,"The actions of French gendarmes contributed to the death of Adama Traore in police custody, according to a report cited by the media. The case sparked mass protests and riots in the country. The French media cited a report by four Belgian doctors commissioned by the investigators in the case. The doctors said they believed that Traore had“very likely suffered a heatstroke.”However,“the role in the lethal process of a period of suffocation due to physical constraint cannot be ruled out,”they said. They noted that the“momentary containment maneuvers”performed by the gendarmes, and“to a lesser extent underlying conditions,”ultimately led to the young man’s death. An excerpt from the report, cited by BFM TV, said that Traore’s condition would not have undergone a“dramatic evolution”if the officers had not pinned him down. It also said that the doctors believe the man suffered a heatstroke because he was placed in a situation of“brief but intense physical activity under adrenergic stress and atmospheric heat.” According to France Info radio, the experts found that the fact that Traore was handcuffed with his hands behind his back likely contributed to him developing serious breathing problems. In 2016, Traore, a man of Malian descent, went to celebrate his 24th birthday with his brother Bagui in the small town of Beaumont-sur-Oise to the north of Paris. Police drove up to the men while looking for Bagui in connection to a criminal case. Traore did not have ID on him and tried to run, but was caught. Three officers used their weight to pin the young man to the ground. He lost consciousness and died in police custody. An internal police investigation exonerated the officers involved in Traore’s arrest. Traore became a symbol of police brutality in France and was eventually dubbed the ‘French George Floyd’ in 2020 due to the similarities of his case to the death of a black man in police custody in Minneapolis, Minnesota that year. Floyd was pinned to the ground by an officer and was filmed by a bystander pleading that he could not breathe. Floyd’s death sparked massive protests and riots across American cities and abroad. In France, tens of thousands protested Traore’s death and marched in solidarity with the blacklivesmatter movement in the US. The rallies were also coupled with rioting in Paris. ",https://www.rt.com/news/515014-france-adama-troare-police/
"8 Feb, 2021","Reparations to descendants of slaves is right if it comes from the descendants of slaveholders, whether white or black","Calls for reparations to blacks in America are based on the notion of collective white guilt. But collective guilt is a false notion and would violate the property rights of those whose ancestors gained nothing from slavery. is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf Now that the Democratic Party has control of both houses of Congress and the presidency, calls for reparations, like thoseby Ta-Nehisi Coates, or more recently, theContract With Black Americatouted by the rapper Ice Cube, will no doubt be given a serious hearing. Ice Cube is set to meet with Biden soon, likely before Black History Month ends. The question is: what are the merits of the case for reparations? Should all whites be forced to pay black Americans for the crimes of slavery? Leftists and left-leaning liberals extol the merits of claims for reparations. Like New York Times columnistDavid Brooks, they call for national reconciliation and the atonement for racial injustice stemming from but not exclusive to slavery. The national soul will never be set right without a reckoning that includes reparations and other racial equity programs aimed at redressing the centuries-long sin of American racial injustice. Every white person, the argument goes, has been the beneficiary of racism, with its roots in slavery but also deriving from historical and ongoing discrimination, white privilege, and the myriad, often inscrutable, advantages accruing to whiteness. These leftists and left-leaning liberals ask, when will national reconciliation finally begin? Conservatives, on the other hand, will dismiss arguments for reparations, either on the basis of time passed, or on the argument that blacks have been more than compensated in welfare, affirmative action, and other social programs. But most importantly, they too address the question in terms of guilt and moral culpability. Even if my ancestors owned slaves, they argue, I am not guilty of their sins. I had nothing to do with it. These conservatives ask, when will this national guilt-tripping of whites finally end? Both of these arguments are made in the wrong register. Both rest on the question of guilt, on the moral grounds of sin and the need for repentance, or the lack thereof. The libertarian economist Walter Block takesanother approach. Instead of treating the question on abstract moral grounds, Block suggests that the question of reparations should be examined in terms of private property rights. Block provides a just basis for reparations, with an example: “Justified reparations are nothing more and nothing less than the forced return of stolen property — even after a significant amount of time has passed. For example, if my grandfather stole a ring from your grandfather, and then bequeathed it to me through the intermediation of my father, then I am, presently, the illegitimate owner of that piece of jewelry. To take the position that reparations are always and forever unjustified is to give an imprimatur to theft, provided a sufficient time period has elapsed. In the just society, your father would have inherited the ring from his own parent, and then given it to you. It is thus not a violation of property rights, but a logical implication of them, to force me to give over this ill-gotten gain to you.” Similarly, if my ancestors bequeathed me property that was gained on the basis of property rights violations, the primary property being a person’s property in his or herself, then indeed my debt to the descendants of those robbed by my ancestors still holds today. I can no more dismiss such claims on the basis of time past or the moral argument that I had nothing to do with it, than I can lay claim to the stolen ring I got from my grandfather on the basis of my grandfather’s theft and my father’s intermediation. But the arguments for reparations are not made on the basis of property rights. Instead, they are based on collective white guilt, on the crime of being born with white skin. This notion of collective guilt would cause all whites to be penalized and robbed of property that has no connection with slavery. It is useful to note that collective race guilt has its roots in the Marxist notion of class guilt, the idea that membership in the  bourgeoisie makes a person guilty for the crimes of his or her ancestors. Class guilt is based on the Marxist theory of exploitation. But the labor theory of value on which the notion of exploitation is premised is false. Value is not based on the socially average amount of time required to produce a commodity. It is based on what someone will pay for it. Likewise, the Marxist notion that workers are exploited at the point of production is a fable. And as the labor theory of value crumbles, so too does the Marxist argument of exploitation. Just as class guilt is a fatally flawed concept, so too is race guilt. If one gained nothing from slavery, one does not owe a debt to a nebulous class of blacks. The execution of reparations on the grounds of collective race guilt would amount to the theft of property from the rightful holders of it. Instead, if the actual descendants of slave owners, slave traders, and slaves could be located, whether they are white or black Americans, Africans, Dutch, or whoever, the property that they hold deriving from slavery should be returned, accounting for inflation, and with interest. Of course, locating such descendants would amount to a logistical nightmare, as would the determination of debts. But reparations should never be based on race, or paid for by white people as a whole to a nebulous class of blacks. Such reparations would be criminal. They would also exacerbate the already fraught race relations in America, which is apparently the intent of the American ruling elite, whose own crimes are numberless and who would punish all whites in order to cover for them. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514966-reparations-descendants-slaves-white-black/
"8 Feb, 2021","Political ‘personality cults’ are bad for democracy and rule of law, Pope says, citing events of 2020","Pope Francis condemned political cults of personality and said mature democracies must ensure the rule of law prevails over political interests, in what was widely interpreted as a condemnation of populism. “The development of a democratic consciousness demands that emphasis on individual personalities be overcome and that respect for the rule of law prevail,”the head of the Roman Catholic Church said on Monday, in an annual speech to ambassadors accredited to the Vatican. Mature democracies should shun political personality cults, pope sayshttps://t.co/Fo02hGa9uspic.twitter.com/KM8YPTxRtO “Indeed, law is the indispensable prerequisite for the exercise of all power and must be guaranteed by the responsible governing bodies, regardless of dominant political interests,”he said, according to Reuters. Events over the past year“in countries with a long democratic tradition”have shown that democracy demands“inclusive, peaceful, constructive and respectful dialogue among all the components of civil society in every city and nation,”he also said. The pope’s remarks were quickly and widely interpreted as a condemnation of former US President Donald Trump and populism in general. Strong condemnation of Trumpian politics from@pontifex. “The development of a democratic consciousness demands that emphasis on individual personalities be overcome and that respect for the rule of law prevail”#RuleOfLawhttps://t.co/bmQHixtjg7 One of them was from Reuters itself, which included a line about how recent years have seen the rise of populism“in the United States, Latin America and some European countries.” However, the pope did not name any names or go into the specifics, leaving his words open to interpretation. Populists are hardly the only ones to bend the rules and laws to suit partisan ends orelevatepolitical leaders to cult status rivaling the Vicar of Christ on Earth himself. Pope Francis’s admonishment against personality cults may sound strange to some since it comes from the person whom Catholic doctrine regards as the supreme authority after God, infallible in matters of religious faith. However, he has not shied away from political pronouncements since ascending to the Holy See in 2013. Over the past year, the pope has also declared sympathy for open borders, denounced capitalism, endorsed same-sex civil unions, praised blacklivesmatter and championedsocial justicecauses. Most recently, he hascondemnedthe refusal to get vaccinated against Covid-19 as “suicidal denial” – suicide is a sin in Catholicism – and blasted those traveling for the holidays as selfish and uncaring. ",https://www.rt.com/news/514958-pope-cult-personality-democracy/
"8 Feb, 2021",Can older and female recruits salvage the image of US police?,"Along with the massive drive to defund US police, one initiative isn’t getting nearly as much attention: recruiting older people to ‘protect and serve.’ Would more mature recruits bring down the number of fatal incidents? Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney It’s legal for a teenager to be given a uniform and a gun, then granted the right to shoot people. The same system bars anyone from becoming president under the age of 35. That’s the paradox of America’s attitude to public responsibility. To counter this, California Assemblyman Reggie Jones-Sawyer is calling for a law to prevent anyone under 25 from becoming acop. That poses interesting questions. Would it make for a better police force? Would it eradicate the continued controversial shootings? Is it a bad idea to have armed young people on the streets enforcing law and order? The recent killings by cops of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor led to blacklivesmatter becoming a global phenomenon. It also sparked a sister-movement calling for a restructuring, or outright“defunding,”of the police. But many believe the problem cannot be realistically solved without a deeper cultural shift in the culture of policing – and those who support Jones-Sawyer’s initiative feel that raising the age and encouraging older people to sign up could drive just such a change. Research shows that the parts of the brain dedicated to impulse control and planning don’t fully develop until age 25, but there are more mundane reasons as well. When asking about the positive effects of bringing in older rookies, Seth W. Stoughton, an associate professor of criminology and criminal justice at University of South Carolina, said:""Some of it is greater life experience; older officers have more experience communicating with different people so they tend to be better at it, and good communication skills can reduce the need to use force. ""Some of it is aging out of risk-taking behavior; an older officer is less likely to put themselves into an unnecessarily dangerous position.” A study of 186 police shootings revealed that being male, not having a college degree and being younger were more common traits among police involved in such incidents than being female, college educated andolder. Of course, there is also a positive relationship between age and college education. So there is a clear connection that older cops are less likely to get involved in shootings. One supporter of a higher minimum age is Dr. Theron L. Bowman. Now an academic, he is the former chief of police in Arlington, Texas. He said:""Age is less important than life experience and education but both tend to correlate with age. Both tend to result in more interaction with people who are different than oneself thus more opportunities to learn how to better communicate and empathize with them so I do believe a minimum age of 25 should be considered.” These views sound like basic common sense. In Rhode Island, Wisconsin, Louisiana, Montana and Arkansas, you can be a cop at 18. It’s 19 in Florida and 21 in Kentucky, where an innocent Breonna Taylor was killed as two officers fired 32 rounds of ammunition into her apartment. The highest minimum age is 22, in Wyoming. In Taylor’s killing and that of George Floyd – plus the unjust high-profile shooting of Stephon Clark – the officers came from different ethnic backgrounds but were all male. As yet, no force has undertaken a new look at hiring older rookies, but there seems to be no reason not to follow the statistics. Stoughton explained:""We know that police shootings are heavily dependent on predictable factors, such as training and culture as well as an officer’s tactics and decision-making. ""We see variation from state to state and from agency to agency; over a four-year period, for example, officers in New Mexico fatally shoot more than ten times as many people per capita as officers in New York. ""That means that it is possible to reduce police shootings, and the research suggests that having more female officers and older rookie officers could potentially have some effect."" Dr. Bowman’s experience bears out the connection between hiring more female officers and improving policing standards:""When I became the chief of my agency I only had one woman on the senior command staff of about a dozen people. ""When I retired fourteen years later, more than half of my senior commanders and executives were women, during that time my agency developed a national reputation as being one of the absolute best and most professional in the United States.” There is a degree of the hypothetical about all of this. Older rookies will still be involved in shootings and unjust incidents, as will female cops. But the breakdown of trust between sections of American society is almost beyond repair, and something is needed to restore that trust. BLM was even rebranded as Blue Lives Matter, a counter-movement in support of police, with a Facebook page that has over 2 million followers and flags flying at Donald Trumprallies. They describe their mission as“to honor and recognize the actions of law enforcement to strengthen the public support of an understandably naive society.” These two sides ultimately want the same thing: to have police forces that are more worthy of respect. But that will only happen if the actions of officers engender such a goal. Dr. Bowman said:""Policing today attracts people from all walks of life. I believe it attracts people with pure desires and others with sinister motives. That’s why recruitment, hiring, and selection systems must be robust yet fair. ""We must work diligently to assure the ‘right’ people with personal characteristics that make them well-suited for public service are selected into the policing profession. Consistent with Lord Gresham’s Law of Economics, higher standards will attract greater diversity and higher achievers.” There is no overt block on older people signing up currently, but the attraction is not there. It could be that they see the spate of shootings and recoil. It could be how certain parts of society view the police. But if a new older cohort were to join, it could drive a revolution from the inside. Once a new benchmark is created, it would give all new recruits a better concept of the higher standards they could to aspire to. To do this though, police salaries would have to increase in places – contrary to the calls to“defund the police.” Right now, America’s top cop earners are in California making on average $105,220, but at the other end of the spectrum is Mississippi with just $36,290, while the median salary in New Hampshire is$58,820. That large variation across the 50 states means encouraging older people to leave lucrative employment and join the force would be tough. Stoughton said:""If agencies can afford to pay officers well enough to attract highly qualified 30-year-olds, potentially luring them away from other jobs, I think it makes sense to do so. But many police agencies don’t pay terribly well, although the retirement benefits are usually quite good for public employees, so attracting older applicants may be difficult. ""There are really two points here. ""First, hiring officers with more life experience is generally beneficial. ""Second, hiring good candidates is generally beneficial, but many agencies don’t pay enough to attract the caliber of officer that the community might prefer.” Nothing is going to change unless one group makes the first move. But change is needed. If the movement to attract older people to join the cops can begin, then shootings should decrease. Add more women officers and an ability to appeal to better-educated recruits, and the cycle will be self-reinforcing. But if the status quo remains and the shootings and killings keep happening, America police forces may end up past the point of no return. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514931-female-recruits-defund-us-police/
"7 Feb, 2021","As more and more black people are jailed in Britain, the so-called ‘fairness’ of the UK legal system is exposed for all to see","New figures have revealed that a disproportionate number of BAME people are being detained in UK prisons. ‘Racist’ policing is often blamed, but a court system weighted heavily against ethnic minorities has become a major problem. David Matthewsis a writer whose work has appeared in The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday and the Observer, and on the BBC and Channel 4. He is the author of several books, including Voices of the Windrush Generation. Follow him on Twitter@mrdavematthews. I’ve lost count of the number of times I’ve been to jail – as a visitor, that is. Whether interviewing terrorists languishing at ‘her majesty’s pleasure,’ interrogating war criminals in Sierra Leone or hopping on a gurney inside Mississippi State Penitentiary’s lethal injection chamber, I’ve seen enough of the global penal system to know that, despite what the average Sun reader thinks, prison is no ‘holiday camp.’ Even in sleepy Britain, where cynics view ‘doing bird’ as akin to a city break or a spell at boarding school, people forget that the primary purpose of prison is to protect the public from dishonest and dangerous miscreants while denying said culprits of a basic human need: freedom. Basic punishment aside, having spoken to countless staff inside British jails – from seasoned governors to fresh-faced newbie prison officers – all seem in favour of rehabilitative programmes that can help keep the majority of their 84,000 ‘clients’ from becoming recidivists. As over 60 percent of prisoners serving a sentence of less than 12 monthsreoffendwithin a year of release, it’s obvious that Britain’s jails aren’t exactly overpopulated with master criminals. But expecting a short-staffed and under-resourced prison service to turn every petty lag into a JonathanAitkenand rehabilitate them into the promised land isn’t just naive – it’s a case of slamming the cell door after the prisoner has bolted. Prison culture undoubtedly has a radicalising influence on the most impressionable inmates – be that through religious fundamentalism, gang initiation or classic ‘tricks of the trade’ schooling in how to commit a particular form of crime (and invariably get caught). But it’s greed, stupidity, impulsiveness and more often than not poverty that puts a man or woman behind bars in the first place. To say that poverty breeds crime is to elicit a ‘no shit Sherlock’ response from anyone with a modicum of respect for the relationship between social deprivation and criminality. According to LondonMayorSadiq Khan, figures show that “three-quarters of the capital’s boroughs with the highest levels of violent offending are also in the top 10 most deprived, while the same boroughs also have higher proportions of children under 20 living in poverty than the London average.” With the number of British children in poverty set to reach a staggering5.2 millionby 2022, the Tory government’s failure to get to grips with an epidemic of escalating unemployment, school exclusions, family breakdowns, chronic drug and alcohol abuse, myriad social services and a mental health timebomb – all of which make the UK the basket case of Europe – will inevitably lead to an increase in crime. Sure, thanks to the pandemic’s restrictions on movement there has been a dip in crime of late (apart from domestic violence, which is on the rise), but this is merely the calm before the criminal justice storm. And for poor black kids, that storm will invariably become a tsunami. Figures just published by the UK government reveal that51 percentof all young people in custody are from a so-called ‘BAME’ background, despite ethnic minorities making up just 14 percent of Britain’s population. For the overall prison population, BAMEs represent 25 percent of inmates. This latest annual report on youth justice statistics doesn’t just highlight yet another example of the British state’s contempt for black people and ethnic minorities. It also reveals the pernicious way in which elites within the criminal justice system use racial profiling among the poor to jail young black people in ever increasing numbers, while happily letting their minions on the frontline of policing and the prison service take the heat from Guardianistas and radicals for being ‘racist pigs’ for seemingly overzealous stop-and-search policies or being ‘fascist prison guards,’ when they are, in fact, just doing their jobs. This isn’t to say that the stench of bad apples within Britain’s yeomanry isn’t to be rooted out on the mean streets, prison wings and psychiatric wards, where they march to the beat of the ‘top brass’ drum. Feeling the boot heel from on high, a significant minority of grunts with badges or uniforms have always let a little bit of power go to their heads, using black people as a trope for their psychosexual inadequacies. But just as the Windrush scandal laid bare the myth of the ‘motherland’ via the Home Office’s ill-treatment of former colonial – sorry, ‘British’ – subjects from the Caribbean, and the Tories’ laissez faire attitude towards disproportionate Covid infection rates among BAME communities demonstrates its indifference to the health and wellbeing of millions of BAME Britons, it’s the suits in the Crown Prosecution Service, the judiciary, the legal profession at large, and the probation, parole, social and psychiatric services who really hold a young black suspect’s fate in their hands. As the politicaltheoristHannah Arendt might have said today, the wanton jailing of black youths is yet another example of the British establishment’s industrialised and systemic, “fearsome, word-and-thought-defying banality of evil.” Since the Tories came to power in 2010, the proportion of young people in custody from a BAME background has nearly doubled (up from 28 percent) and is up from 49 percent in 2019. Black and ethnic youths remain the pariah group du jour. The problem has got to a point that Shadow Justice Secretary David Lammy has called the industrial scale incarceration of BAME youth “a national scandal.” In 2017, under David Cameron’s watch, the MP for Tottenham published theLammy Review– “an independent review into the treatment of, and outcomes for Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic individuals in the criminal justice system.” Nearly four years on from this damning report, barely any of Lammy’s 35 recommendations have been implemented by the government. Drilling down into the Lammy Review, one finds the true, albeit lesser reported view of the criminal justice system. As the MP points out, “Having looked at the evidence over the past 18 months, my judgment is that we have a significant problem in the criminal justice system itself, and that the treatment of BAME young people shows this problem is getting worse.” For‘criminal justice system,’read‘the legal system.’ The number of black children cautioned or sentenced has doubled since the year ending March 2010, from six percent to 12 percent. Over a third (36 percent) of all remands involved BAME children. This increases to 49 percent for remands to youth detention accommodation, black children accounting for 29 percent of remands. The government’s figures also reveal that the proportion of all cases in which black children were sentenced for indictable offences has risen from 14 percent to 22 percent in the past five years. And the stats go on. Having read the Lammy Review in its entirety, and crunched the government’s latest figures for youth crime, it’s clear that establishment bias – subconscious or otherwise – permeates the criminal justice system, particularly around the fetishisation of young black males. And we’ve heard it all before, from the Metropolitan Police’s invention of the‘Gangs Matrix’in 2012 – a database of suspected gang members operating in London – to Operation Trident and its focus on ‘black-on-black’ crime, to the MSM’s popularisation of the term ‘county lines,’ the latest in a long line of racialised tabloid ‘folk devil’ descriptors that includes ‘Yardies,’ ‘muggers’ ‘steamers’ (remember them?), ‘gangbangers,’ ‘thugs,’ and ‘hood rats.’ This demonisation of black people, and young males in particular, fuels a stereotype that feeds the overwhelming majority of magistrates, judges, prosecutors and defence barrister’s prejudices – subconscious of otherwise – and thus informs courtroom strategy. Yet somehow, we’re meant to believe that the legal profession is beyond subjectivity. Yeah, right. While researching an Old Bailey murder trial a while back for a new book on black masculinity, a left-leaning, white barrister I know who was representing a young black client told me, off the record:“Do I hate the way the system is loaded against black people? Yes, I do. Do I despair at the number of young black men in court? Of course I do. But do I and others profit from it, financially? Undoubtedly. It’s hard to change a system that pays you so well for maintaining the status quo.” Following the death of George Floyd and the tumult of demonstrations that followed, elites all over the diaspora have been falling over themselves to showboat their ‘progressive’ skills, reminding us of how ‘enlightened’ they’ve become on their quest to ‘heal the wounds’ of ‘racial division.’ But while the broadcast media, book publishing, the church politicians, academics and even notionally gazillionaire footballers can’t wait to take the knee these days for a photo op, the criminal justice system is yet to get ‘woke.’ Until it does, the British establishment remains guilty of clearly believing that black lives don’t matter. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514645-uk-jail-bame-legal-system/
"7 Feb, 2021",On Contact: People history of West Virginia,"On the show this week, Chris Hedges talks to filmmaker and journalist, Eleanor Goldfield about herdocumentary,""Hard Road of Hope"". Goldfield’s documentary,""Hard Road of Hope"", revisits West Virginia’s long tradition of radicalism and militant unionism, including the famed 1921 armed uprising, the largest since the Civil War, by some 10,000 coal miners at Blair Mountain who fought the repressive coal owners and their hired coal company gun thugs and militias. In 2018, the state’s 20,000 public school teachers and employees carried out a strike over low pay and high health-care costs, shutting down every public school in West Virginia until their demands were met. The strike inspired similar teacher strikes in Oklahoma, Colorado and Arizona. These contradictions, and what they mean for a nation fragmenting into antagonistic tribes, are explored in the documentary. We apologize for the audio quality due to technical issues which failed to meet our regular quality standards. YouTube channel:On Contact Follow us on Facebook:Facebook.com/OnContactRT Podcast:https://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/on-contact-1 Eleanor Goldfield:One of the problems is, is that people walk into places like West Virginia and they say, ""Let me tell you what you need to know.""  Nobody wants to be talked to like they re stupid, you know.  And I think that this is the problem is that people talk down to people a lot of the times particularly in these pro-White communities and they tell them it your fault because you re a coal miner.  Well, no, if your choices are work in coal or watch your family starve and go homeless I think anyone of us would make that despicable but necessary decision.  So I think this understanding of where our solidarity actually lies and that is, you know, together in trying to survive and ultimately thrive as oppose to trying to draw these lines or these barriers that divide and conquer us in the name of the corporate state because they just love looking down at us and seeing us, you know, throwing stones at each other rather than punching up. Chris Hedges:Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Primary Contest in West Virginia in 2016 won all of the state 55 counties.  And yet in the 2016 election Donald Trump took 68.5% of the vote, his largest share of the vote in any state against Hillary Clinton who received a paltry 26.4%.  We don t know if the 2016 win by Sanders would ve been repeated in 2020 since by the time of the Primary, Sanders had suspended his campaign.  But the 2020 Presidential contest in West Virginia between Joe Biden and Donald Trump also saw a Trump landslide with Trump receiving 69% of the vote to Biden 30%.  West Virginia is the second poorest state in the nation between 2014 and 2017 the drug overdose death rate in West Virginia increased from a rate of 35.5 per 100,000 to 57.8 per 100,000 far exceeding any other state in the nation.  The Center for Disease Control and prevention named 28 West Virginia counties in the nation top 220 at risk counties for HIV and/or hepatitis C due to the opioid epidemic.  Much of the Southern part of the state has been turned into a toxic waste dump by coal companies.  But despite the fervent support for Trump, West Virginia also has a long tradition of radicalism and militant unionism including the famed 1921 armed uprising, the largest since the Civil War by some 10,000 coal miners at Blair Mountain who fought the repressive coal owners and their hired coal company gun thugs and militias.  In 2018 the state 20,000 public school teachers and employees carried out a strike over low pay and high health cost shutting down every public school in West Virginia until their demands were met.  The strike inspired similar teacher strikes in Oklahoma, Colorado, and Arizona.  These contradictions and what they mean for a nation fragmenting into antagonistic tribes are explored in the new documentary film Hard Road of Hope.  Joining me to discuss Hard Road of Hope is the film director, Eleanor Goldfield.  So, as you know I wrote a chapter of Days of Destruction, Days of Revolt my book out of West Virginia.  And I don t think it too extreme to describe the landscape which you show in your film as apocalyptic layout what the devastations that--that been done, what it looks like and what its consequences have been for the people who live there. EG:Well, thank you so much for having me, Chris, I really appreciate it.  And, yeah, the destruction is absolutely apocalyptic and as one of the folks in the film says, Paul Corbit Brown, he says that if you were to stretch out all of the destruction via mountain top removal it would stretch--it would be eight-tenths of a mile wide and it would reach from the White House to San Francisco.  That how much devastation has been caused just by mountain top removal which again is not--it not the typical mining way that it been done since, you know, the turn of the--turn of the century and the precipitated, you know, the mine wars that you mentioned.  So the destruction just recently has been astronomical and not just from coal but from fracking as well and while fracking looks not as horrific from the air for instance as a--as a decapitated mountain does.  The destruction is massive when you consider the, you know, the gathering pipelines, the amount of water that is used, or the amount of water that is poisoned via the fracking process.  So West Virginia is, you know, it called in the film a resource colony and that really how it was founded that what it continues to be.  It is being absolutely decimated by the coal industry and the oil and gas industry for the sake of corporate profit.  And that continues not just in terms of the ecosystems there which Appalachia is the second most bio diverse region in the world.  It not just the ecosystems but of course the people who are part of the ecosystems and, you know, there one--there one place Prenter Hollow for instance that 98% of the people living there got gallbladder disease because of the poisoned water due to--due to coal mining processes.  So, yeah, the devastation is both in terms of the natural resources and of course the people who live there. CH:So we wanna be clear with mountain top removal you re blowing the tops off of mountains about 400 feet.  And although they talk about reclamation there really is no reclamation.  The--you mentioned the toxic waste, you ve got billion gallon impoundment ponds filled with carcinogens, heavy metals, and then of course the water is poisoned, cancer is an epidemic.  I remember going into the elementary schools and there are just rows of little inhalers in the nurse office for the children.  It is a totally devastated environment and yet and you deal with this in your film.  It is for activists who rise up even within that environment, it extremely hostile that there this whole notion of Friends of Coal.  And, you know, I m--I ll let you talk about it but because there are so few jobs and when they talk about coal jobs what they re talking about is heavy equipment operators, 25-foot story tall drag lines which take the tops off of mountains.  But that where I wanna look at and I think your film does a good job of that kind of contradiction but talk about it.  Talk about how yet even in the midst of all of this environmental degradation and the health effects and everything else you have this fervent defense of the coal companies themselves. EG:Yeah, it s--the psychological aspect of that is really impressive and not in a good way.  And Friends of Coal the organization that you mentioned was created by big coal.  To create this cultural connection to coal that really precipitates the pride and oppression.  You know, there s--people take pride in the fact that they get black lung, it means that they worked hard, you know, it means that they ve done a good job to keep the lights on in the United States as a nation, you know.  And in the film there also a former coal miner who makes the distinction, you know, what they should--what people should be having, you know, bumpers stickers on their car that says ""It friends of coal miners.""  Not Friends of Coal because Friends of Coal means you re friends with the coal corporations.  And friends of coal miners is a completely different story.  But the deep propagandization which of course has also lead to, you know, this being a hotspot for Trump voters suggests that we ve got--in the course of a couple of generations we ve gone from people who, you know, would shudder if you said the word scab to people who proudly put out a Trump flag and are--and are proud of these right to work type laws and are proud to not have any regulation and see it as a cultural connection to the coal industry.  And so this is also why it become so difficult for renewable resources to make a foothold even with the people not just, you know, in terms of the politicians, that a whole another story but in terms of the people.  Because as somebody says in the film people feel when you re saying no to coal you re saying no to them as human beings because they have been brought up with this deep--this deep connection to coal that, ""Oh, you are the machine that keeps the nation running.  You are the machine that--you are the epoch of this predominantly White, you know, this White salt of the Earth worker that is this Americana, this American dream, this ideal."" And so this has been really hammered home for folks.  So when they--when they re told that coal is bad they take it actually personally.  Which is why you see when a--when a coal company for instance completely railroads their workers and basically cuts them off without a dime, no back pay, no health insurance anything like that, they ll say, ""Oh, that a bad company.""  But coal overarchingly is good because look what it done for us, you know, it fed our family and put our kid through schools and things like that.  So it really, really speaks to the deep propagandization and of course the amputation of the past, you know, you--again you mentioned the mind wars people aren t taught about that, people aren t taught about the radicalism that they actually come from in that region and that, no, in fact the enemy is the coal companies, the enemy is the coal industry that tries--that has continued to try to oppress us for so long.  They ve been totally amputated from that past and the effects of an amputated past are very, very clear in West Virginia today. CH:We should be clear on West Virginia the coal companies most of which are huge multinationals that are not headquartered in the state have managed to buy off all the politicians they vet and largely write or censor the textbooks so as you said people are not taught their own history, they control the courts.  These were just utter--I was just stunned, it utterly complete.  And of course they have the resources to pump out this propaganda that at once as you said fosters this historical amnesia but also this notion of any criticism of coal becomes a kind of attack on West Virginia itself.  And yet this was one of the most radical spots in the country.  You had miners picking up Winchester rifles.  And they finally sent in the US Air Force under Billy Mitchell to bomb them and the US Army.  And you saw figures like Mother Jones coming down to speak to the miners, she was a hero to the miners.  How would you say we got from that moment to a moment where these people are backing Trump, why did that happen? EG:Yeah, there a great quote from Wilma Steele who in the film, she the--she works with the Mine Wars Museum in Matewan, West Virginia which is, of course, where the Matewan Massacre happened and was pivotal in the mine wars.  She said, ""If you burn a man house to the ground he ll rebuild, but if you take away his history then you take away any sense of who he is.  And then you basically take away the person, the man."" And I think that that is--that is incredibly important, this is of course something that, you know, that you ve done a lot of work with too, is like the history of places and the--our collective understanding of history, obviously, dictates how we view our past and how we then build our future.  And so it been, you know, as you noted it been a very distinct attempt and, you know, one that worked well for them by the coal companies, to amputate people from this past.  And instead say that, you know, for instance ""Oh, if you like electricity then you like coal.""  As if that the only way that we can get our energy.  Or, you know, we have to be--we have to promote--it kind of like Support Our Troops, like support our coal miners.  We want them to have jobs right?  And, you know, this combination which we see with the oil and gas industry too.  It about jobs and it about energy.  And if we did--if we get rid of coal then we will have neither of those and so the--instead of blaming, you know, the coal industry for giving people black lung and cutting regulations, people have started to blame, you know, for instance the EPA for having any regulations, as if their regulations were really stringent anyway.  Same thing with Obama, they blamed Obama for placing, you know, ""regulations"" when in reality Obama like a lot of the Democrats do is they state that they re placing regulations when in reality they re, you know, they re fluff, like, for instance Obama coal regulation was that you can t leave coal slurry that the toxic waste from coal washing, you can t leave that in an unlined Earth and dam for more than three years.  Well guess what after three years there not that much to clean up because it already leached into the ground and into the ground water and everything.  But then Obama gets to go out there and say, ""I made a coal regulation.""  So this is--this is--this is classic Democrats and it also classic coal industry to say, ""Oh, look we re not the enemy.  Look they re the enemy, they re trying to steal your jobs.  They re trying to steal your livelihood."" And that deep propagandization then as you noted because the politicians are chosen by coal, that that is then parroted by the politicians themselves.  So people just continuously hear jobs, and jobs, and energy, and money, and you want your kids to eat right?  So it becomes this, you know, this deep connection to that.  And so you ve--again, like, over the course of a few generations you go from, you know, Black and White mine workers marching together and firing on their--on their oppressors to people being proud of that oppression and having completely lost that trail of the radical past. CH:Great.  When we come back we ll continue our conversation about the contradictory roots of West Virginia with film director Eleanor Goldfield.  Welcome back to On Contact.  We continue our conversation about the contradictory roots of West Virginia with Eleanor Goldfield.  So to what extent would you say that this shift was caused by a betrayal on the part of, in particular, the Democratic Party establishment?  Because I think these people were betrayed. EG:Absolutely.  I think it a deep betrayal of, you know, by the Democrats, by the system really.  And I think that it s--it also speaks to the deepening connections between corporate America and the politicians themselves that there is really no--there no--there no line between them anymore and, you know, as Mussolini said that fascism should more rightly be called corporatism.  It is this tightening of these connections that really start mimicking this sort of--this fascist enterprise.  And part of that is a deep propaganda machine that is, you know, put out there on behalf of corporate America which is also on behalf of their, you know, their chosen politicians.  And, of course, this is, you know, this is a similar story which is really the kind of--the point that I also wanted to make with the film is that this is an American story. You know, you--I ve had people in Ohio, Colorado, California, Washington State tell me, ""Oh, I recognize my story in this story.""  And so this is a story that been replicated, you know, by industries all over the United States.  You might be able to say that the coal industry has done it really to a--to a T that the oil and gas industry then gets to copy, which they are, but yeah, I think this betrayal runs very, very deep.  And it even more sickening to me and also to folks that I ve talked to, not just in West Virginia, but primarily in the South which is where I grew up and also where I work a lot, is this feeling that it particularly disgusting on the--on--with the case of the Democrats because the Republicans don t claim to care.  They don t--they don t walk out there and say we really believe that blacklivesmatter or we really believe that workers rights matter.  They don t say any of that.  The Democrats do however, so it actually more sickening to folks that the Democrats are willing to stand there and say we believe in you and we want you to have healthcare, we want you to have living wage, and then don t do anything about it.  And I think--I think that also--that also supports this sort of shift away from the Democratic Party and the shift towards Trump, but it also speaks to why, you know, as you mentioned in the introduction why Bernie was popular because he was speaking to people and speaking to their actual needs as opposed to this lip service that the Democrats are known for.  So I think this is why you see people that would ve voted for Bernie vote for Trump because of this deep seated distrust in particular in the Democratic Party for their decades of betrayal. CH:I wrote a chapter in my last book, America: The Farewell Tour, out of Anderson, Indiana which was the center at one point of the GM--production of GM cars.  They all moved to Monterrey, Mexico after NAFTA.  And again, you had overwhelming support among old UAW workers for Bernie Sanders but then they voted for Trump.  And I want to explore that but first, I just want to ask, which I think you addressed in the film, the left often writes off people from West Virginia.  Much of my own family comes from Maine, rural Maine, as to use Hillary Clinton words, you know, as deplorables, as just irredeemable racists, and I think you ask us to look at them in a different way. EG:Yeah, absolutely.  I grew up in North Carolina around, you know, poor White folks and I think that it possibly one of the biggest pitfalls of leftism particularly environmental and labor rights organizations and movements that they write these people off because, you know, as a--as a good friend of mine Kiilu Nyasha once pointed out we can t do this without White folks.  I hate to admit it but we can t.  And so this idea that we should write these people off because they are poor, because they have been oppressed by the state and because they re, you know, misguided or miseducated, well, then what part of the United States would you be able to organize with?  Because we ve all been oppressed in different ways.  We ve all been lied to by the state.  And I think one of the problems is, is that people walk into places like West Virginia and they say, ""Let me tell you what you need to know.""  Nobody wants to be talked to like they re stupid, you know, and I think that this is the problem is that people talk down to people a lot of the times particularly in these poor White communities and they tell them it your fault because you re a coal miner.  Well, no, if your choices are work in coal or watch your family starve and go homeless, I think any one of us would make that despicable but necessary decision.  So I think this understanding of where our solidarity actually lies and that is, you know, together in trying to survive and ultimately thrive as opposed to trying to draw these lines with these barriers that divide and conquer us in the name of the corporate state because they just love looking down at us and seeing us, you know, throwing stones at each other rather than punching up.  So I think one of the things that I ve learned, not just in West Virginia, but in places like Louisiana and North Carolina is, you know, walk into these communities and ask them what they--what they need and talk to them as a--as a--as a--as an equal, not talk down to them and say it your fault that you re in this--in this horrible position because you work with X, or Y, or Z. CH:Well, I think one of the attractions of Bernie Sanders platform was that it would have dealt with the health crisis that is afflicting places like Southern West Virginia, not just the opioid addiction which is massive but also Black Lung Disease and then, of course, all of the diseases caused by environmental degradation, cancers as you pointed out, gallbladder problems, and he was proposing universal healthcare.  So that addressed a real need and that s, of course, something now the Biden administration has walked away from. EG:Yeah, absolutely.  Well, Biden has basically said, you know, I am the Democratic Party and the Democratic Party does not believe in universal healthcare.  And actually his ""expansion"" of the ACA, also known as Obamacare, would be more expensive than Obamacare already is.  And it would also be more expensive than universal healthcare because when one out of every three dollars you spend is going to unnecessary administration costs, of course, it going to be more expensive than just saying, yeah, you re born until you die, you just have healthcare.  And this is something--again, this is something that really spoke to people in West Virginia because another, you know, another point is that a lot of people who have to claim bankruptcy do so because of medical costs and a lot of people who do that actually had insurance.  So this idea that, you know, the ACA was affordable or caring is, of course, a lie.  And a lot of people in West Virginia were anti, that I spoke to, were anti the Affordable Care Act because they recognized that it was neither affordable or caring.  So when someone like Bernie Sanders came in and said actually, you know, forget these--all of this.  You have to be this old to do this and this.  Just forget all that.  You should just have healthcare.  That speaks to their needs, you know, these people that have very physical--physically demanding jobs and that are suffering from things like black lung.  And not only that but, you know, as you mentioned, the opioid crisis have the need for pain management and things like that.  This is--this was something that really spoke to them that, you know, oh, you don t actually have to continue working.  You could leave your job and still have healthcare, which is, of course, a really sick way that people end up sticking with their job is just to maintain their healthcare.  So yeah, these were--these were definitely things that people resonated with, not to mention the, you know, the idea of a just transition, the idea that, oh, maybe my kids won t get black lung when they re 40.  Maybe they can actually work with something that more sustainable or more green.  The idea that all coal miners want to work and they want to, you know, perpetuate, this is also just a fallacy.  A lot of people want to--want to move forward and progress and do a more renewable energy kind of platform and just don t see a way and don t trust the Democrats to take them there rightfully so. CH:I saw the film as really a kind of cautionary message to the Democratic Party that the longer you fail to address the very pressing and immediate needs of an impoverished population, we re now talking half the country, you re right, that this is replicated in communities around the country, the more you re going to see people reach out to demagogues like Trump just out of pure frustration. EG:Absolutely.  And I believe it was Ajamu Baraka who recently posted that, you know, I hate to say it folks, but neo-liberalism is fascism.  And these sort of policies, we see the same thing in Europe where I also spent some time growing up.  Neo-liberal policies like austerity and things like that lead to fascism.  And, you know, I think that that very clear here and you have people reaching out, demanding or begging for legitimate progress and the Democrats are just falling back on this sort of, you know, the concepts of neo-liberalism while paying some lip service to the concepts of progress and people are not swayed by it.  And so instead, they go to the party that seemed to have, you know, more strength, more of a spine, and then unfortunately the only choice there because of our really rigged two-party system is that the republicanparty which, you know, really houses overt fascism as opposed to neo-liberal brand of fascism that the Democrats have, and, you know, and those are your choices, it doesn t really leave a lot of--that doesn t leave a lot of space for things and again, like, with Trump, he actually did speak to people.  He spoke to people from a different angle but he spoke to people about getting jobs and he actually saw them, you know, a former coal miner pointed out to me that, you know, Hillary Clinton never cared and it was so obvious.  But Trump actually went there and he seemed to care.  He seemed to look out at the crowd and say I see you, I hear you.  We re going to bring back coal as if that something you could even do.  But the fact is that they felt that he cared.  And so this is the--this is the same thing that they felt about Sanders.  They actually felt seen and heard.  And when neither party is really doing that but you have a figurehead like Trump that you feel is really hearing you, you re going to--you re going to go in that direction and I think you see that happening just like, you know, people have done in the past, so I think, yeah, it incredibly dangerous the way that our system is set up and I don t expect the Democrats to listen.  But what I do hope is kind of what the film points out too is that there are ways to make it politically untenable for either party to withstand the demands of the people.  And that is embedded in the history of West Virginia and it something that is continuing to be worked on presently. CH:Great.  That was Eleanor Goldfield, director of the documentary Hard Road of Hope.  Thank you. EG:Thank you. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/on-contact/514762-goldfield-west-virginia-strikes/
"6 Feb, 2021",NYPD launches probe into ‘domestic terrorist’ cop wearing ‘political patch’ amid calls for purges & cleansing of ‘Trump’s Army’,"A New York City police officer was caught on video wearing pro-Trump patches, leading to an investigation after liberals claim the entire force is “Trump’s Army” and label the cop a “domestic terrorist.” At a blacklivesmatter demonstration in Brooklyn on Friday evening, video was captured of the officer in uniform with two Trump badges attached to her vest. One is of a skull styled after the comic book character The Punisher – which some have called for to be retired – with Trump’s hair, while the other has a similar image along with Trump’s name and the phrase“make enforcement great again.” “Where were you on January 6?”one protester asks her, referring to the US Capitol riot. The protester then begins calling her a“domestic terrorist”as others join in. The officer does not respond, but does at one point blow a kiss to an unseen person. The officer was identified by social media users, but has not been named by the NYPD. The police are not here to help us or protect us. They see themselves as Trump’s army.https://t.co/KIiUbRpmOd Outraged liberals took to social media on Saturday to blast the NYPD, which prohibits officers from wearing anything that makes a political statement while in uniform, for employing a“white supremacist.” It’s weird that when people see a member of the NYPD wearing a Trump punisher logo and a “make enforcement great again” patch, they focus so much on the individual cop. The big NYPD unions endorsed Trump, twice. This is who they are. “NYPD officers wearing Trump badges ? What’s up with that? Get the white supremacists out of the police force forever,”actress Rosanna Arquettetweetedin reaction to the video. Yes thoroughly cleanse... to the point that to people not in a police ‘union’ it looks like you are abolishing the NYPD, giving 98% of their workload to people qualified to do it (like social workers) and making current cops apply to be part of that elite force of detectives The NYPD acknowledged the video on Saturday after a wave of criticism and said the officer has “received an initial discipline” for“wearing a politically oriented patch.”They also said an investigation into the matter is underway. We are aware of a video showing one of our members wearing a politically oriented patch. The officer has already received an initial discipline.A further investigation is ongoing.pic.twitter.com/t6nZlvFPl5 New York Police Commissioner Dermot Shea also responded to the controversy in a tweet saying officers must remain“apolitical.” “Members of the NYPD must remain apolitical — it’s essential to public trust & officers’ ability to perform their jobs,”he wrote. Members of the NYPD must remain apolitical — it’s essential to public trust & officers’ ability to perform their jobs.https://t.co/zsTskDO10Z If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/514830-nypd-officer-trump-patch/
"5 Feb, 2021",‘Mighty WHITE of him’: Super Bowl quarterback Tom Brady excoriated for refusing to repent for liking Trump (and being white),"Perhaps the most accomplished football player in NFL history, Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady is nevertheless a target of media and political venom as he prepares to play in his tenth Super Bowl on Sunday. ByTony Cox, a US journalist who has written or edited for Bloomberg and several major daily newspapers. One can’t argue with Brady’s sporting achievements. At 43 years old, he has led the team with the worst winning percentage in NFL history to the Super Bowl in his first year on the squad, and he proved that he could get back to the championship game apart from Bill Belichick’s New England Patriots dynasty. But Brady is being portrayed this week as the enemy of the people. You see, Brady has been a friend of former President Donald Trump. Say no more. Washington new domestic-terrorism apparatchik probably needs to probe the quarterback, triple-check his January 6 alibis and make sure that letting him walk freely isn t a danger to the republic. Brady never politically endorsed Trump. He declined a request to speak at the 2016 Republican National Convention on Trump behalf. But he did play golf with him. He was once seen with one of those hateful red MAGA hats in his locker, a 2015 trolling stunt back when Trump was seen as unlikely to win the Republican nomination. He known Trump for nearly 20 years. He has been dealing with""uncomfortable""political questions about Trump and declining to say even how he himself will vote since 2016. That no longer good enough. Brady hasn t made any insurrection-inciting comments about ballot fraud – or any public statements at all about the November 3 election, for that matter – but he has failed to renounce his past non-political support for Trump. Just as when he was preparing to win the 2017 Super Bowl – earning the fifth of his record-breaking six Super Bowl rings – he has declined to wade into the political fray. The folks atUSA Today, America largest newspaper, were incensed. Columnist Nancy Armour condemned Brady as a""moral coward""and declared that he""doesn t deserve (a) pass""for having supported Trump in the past. I m not sure what not getting a""pass""looks like in Nancy Armour world. Does it involve a trip to Gitmo? But she wasn t done there. She even dragged Brady’s skin color into the beatdown, saying""how mighty white of him,""because he had the temerity to tell the Super Bowl media throng that he wants to""stick to sports."" Armour wasn t alone. Brady was ridiculed on Saturday Night Live for being a""weird Trump guy.""Social media was flooded with Brady bashing, such as writer Pol McShane saying,""Tom Brady loves Trump, so I hate Tom Brady.""Others reminded followers tonever forgetBrady fondness for Trump and complained that the quarterback has been""allowed by the media to like aracist."" Tom Brady loves tRump, so I hate Tom Brady. Armour falsely accused Brady of endorsing Trump in the past – would that be a crime if he did? – and lamented that the Super Bowl press corps didn t grill him over the""insurrection at the US Capitol.""She brought up disingenuous comparisons to black players who, unlike Brady, have used their celebrity platforms to advance their political agendas. Armour argued that black athletes are asked about issues pertinent to their race, such as police brutality, so Brady should have to answer for an attempted""violent overthrow of our government""that was perpetrated by predominantly white people. Apparently ignoring how Brady NBA equivalent, Michael Jordan, skilfully steered clear of politics during his stellar career, Armour saw the quarterback wriggling away because of his privilege of being a white male heterosexual. In fact, she said his ability to escape""accountability""is""the height of white privilege."" There that word -- accountability. With the Bad Orange Man removed from office, America has turned into one giant Trump Accountability Project. Even as the new president, Joe Biden, speaks of""unity""and""healing,""the Trump haters who are now in charge demand""accountability."" That doesn t mean accountability for things that are actually wrong or illegal, such as entering the Capitol while LARPing or holding up the president severed head in effigy. This accountability is for having supported the former president of the United States. Bow the knee, repent, and you may be eligible for rehabilitation and regaining your personhood at some point. Remaining a Trump supporter or refusing to apologize for ever having liked him, nah. There must be consequences. It not entirely clear yet what all of those consequences will be. We re still working on that. But let just say that it no longer acceptable in openly racist post-Trump America to like who you want to like or vote how you want to vote. And if you try to do that sort of thing while being white, perhaps there will be a special re-education room for you at the camp. Brady former coach, the crafty Belichick, knew better than to defy the mob. He caved to pressure last month, declining to be awarded a Presidential Medal of Freedom by Trump. Without mentioning the president by name, he said he needed to remain""true to the people, team and country I love.""Somehow, that meant not being seen receiving a medal from the president. Pro sports have long been used as bread and circus in America, dumbing down and distracting millions of people from the bigger issues that they might otherwise notice. But at least they used to provide an escape from the day-to-day grind and the ugliness of politics. That no longer the case. It now about virtue-signaling and sending the correct political messaging. Just as the NFL is being used to teach us how to think, Tom Brady is being used – against his wishes – to teach us what can happen if one engages in, or refuses to disavow, thoughtcrime. Never mind Gitmo. For many in today America, land of the formerly free and home of the formerly brave, being branded a racist or one of those 74 million domestic terrorists is terrifying enough. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514776-brady-racist-attack-oped/
"5 Feb, 2021", Princess Bride fan Ted Cruz beef with Cary Elwes proves liberal actors HATE their conservative fans – so much for unity ,"A feud between Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and ‘Princess Bride’ star Cary Elwes is just the latest example of liberal artists rejecting their conservative fans, a politically-fueled mistake that is deeply unhealthy for the culture. is the author of the novel Nigh and journalist who covers art and culture. He has previously written for outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, and BizPac Review among others. Follow him on Twitter@WritingLeeman is the author of the novel Nigh and journalist who covers art and culture. He has previously written for outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, and BizPac Review among others. Follow him on Twitter@WritingLeeman “How does it feel to know that not only the entire cast and crew of your favorite movie The Princess Bride, but almost the whole entertainment industry, have nothing but rabid contempt for you? #inconceivable?""the British Elwes tweeted at Cruz this week. The comment was in response to an interview Cruz, who is known for quoting ‘Princess Bride’ and counts it among his favorite works, gave where the Republican senator noted how many films, including ‘Watchmen’ and ‘Avengers: Endgame,’ have“rabid environmentalists”as their villains. .@tedcruzHow does it feel to know that not only the entire cast and crew of your favorite movie The Princess Bride, but almost the whole entertainment industry, have nothing but rabid contempt for you?#inconceivable? I think not, you miserable ROUS.https://t.co/SqGxk0hK0Y Cruz responded with an image of a personalized autograph from Elwes, saying,“does this mean you want your picture back?” .@Cary_ElwesDoes this mean you want your picture back?https://t.co/iAwhbZZbEkpic.twitter.com/6Fh2QYUcuR Elwes, whom Cruz has feuded with before on Twitter, shut down the exchange by blocking Cruz, who simply responded with a reference to a quote said numerous times by Elwes’ character in ‘Bride.’ “As you wish,”he wrote, including with his message a screenshot of the news that the actor had blocked him. As you wish.... 🤷🏻‍♂️pic.twitter.com/HxuFuNc79s Elwes is unfortunately only the latest liberal artist to turn on a conservative fan. Last year, ‘Superbad’ star Seth Roganlashedout at critics of blacklivesmatter commenting on a political post of his on Instagram, cursing out some and telling another,“you don’t deserve my movies. Stop watching my s**t.” Can you imagine a once-struggling Rogan talking to fans in such a way? His self-righteous anger only comes out now when he can afford to be entitled and divisive. Actor Bill Pullman lashed out at Donald Trump in May of last year too after the then-president shared a deepfake video of his head plastered onto Pullman’s president character from ‘Independence Day’ giving a famous speech from the movie. ""My voice belongs to no one but me, and I’m not running for president – this year,""Pullman said in response. For the record, he did not write ‘Independence Day,’ so one could argue the words belong to someone else. ‘Matrix’ director Lilly Wachowski was triggered that same month when Tesla founder Elon Musk and Ivanka Trump both referenced her science fiction masterpiece through the line“take the red pill,”which has evolved over the years into a rallying cry for conservatives to others to ‘wake up’ from the lies pushed by the mainstream media and political elite. In the film, Keanu Reeves’ Neo is given the option to continue living a simulated reality by taking a blue pill or exist in the real world through a red pill. These numerous tiffs speak to a larger issue in the culture. A work of art, whether it is family-friendly or more challenging, is one of the single greatest unifiers this world has. Film especially can translate to numerous cultures and open bridges between people who would otherwise have presumably no reason to interact. The very fact that Cruz can be such a fan of ‘Princess Bride’ along with Elwes – who has written a book about its making and continues to talk about it lovingly – proves the unifying effect film can have. Right now is a time when unity would actually be a breath of fresh air to a country that seems somehow even more divided in a post-Trump world. So many artists who find themselves in the good graces of Hollywood today, however, seem to have their views poisoned by divisive politics. It’s why Elwes would rather send childish insults to Cruz and use his film as a way to get in a political hit rather than finding some sort of common ground and having a meaningful discussion with someone he disagrees with. It’s also why Rogan can simply shoo away fans he disagrees with, and Wachowski can dismiss anyone taking a meaning from her film that she has not approved. This is not to say Elwes or others need to pretend to agree with anyone who finds value in their work, but if they would pull their heads out of the left-vs.-right trap sold to us by the media and DC elite, then perhaps they could actually show the world that there is, in fact, common ground. It’s a sad sight to see, and it’s telling that it’s mainly liberal voices who are lashing out. Do conservatives like Jon Voight, Dean Cain or David Mamet so specifically attack people who may be fans of their work? And how successful would artists be if they simply cut off half of their potential audience? This is why these attacks come from established names, who have the comfort of being accepted into their industry. There is no risk in what they are doing. We are living in a moment where artists could be incredibly valuable to a fractured culture, but people like Elwes have instead chosen to aggressively run in the opposite direction and diminish their own work by using it for ammunition in pesky, meaningless political debates that accomplish nothing except bitterly turning away fans. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514769-cruz-princess-bride-cary-elwes/
"5 Feb, 2021",The swift cancellation of Marilyn Manson proves #MeToo is a more powerful cultural force than conservative Christianity ever was,"Serious allegations of abuse seem to have ended the career of Satanic rocker Marilyn Manson – conclusive proof that the church of woke and its feminist denomination are way more influential than the so-called moral majority. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Marilyn Manson, who rose to stardom as a self-proclaimed shock rock anti-Christ in the 1990s, has long had a target on his back. Ever since the minimally talented Manson hit it big with his cover of the Eurythmics’ Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) off his EP Smells Like Children in 1995, fundamentalist Christians have tried to cancel him for his devoutly anti-Christian attitudes and occult antics. In a brilliant piece of cultural jiu-jitsu, Manson masterfully used his position as a publicfoilto puritanical Christians to promote himself to great wealth and fame with his smash hit follow-up albums Antichrist Superstar (1996) and Mechanical Animals (1998). It seemed back then that the more outrageously anti-Christian Manson got, the more MTV and Rolling Stone and the rest of the pop culture establishment embraced him, and it drove conservative Christians absolutely crazy. For his rather derivative satanic rock star pose, Manson inflamed a Christian hysteria that led to him being blamed for everything from teen suicide to theColumbine Massacre. But none of those charges ever actually harmed Manson’s career, only enhanced it. Manson’s success in the 90s – and conservative Christians’ impotence in the face of it – was a clear indicator of the religion’s waning social power and a forewarning of its precipitous demise and near disappearance from American culture. But where conservative Christians miserably failed to bring down Manson in the 90s, the new dominant puritanical moral force in our culture, wokeness, with its powerful feminist denomination #MeToo, has succeeded spectacularly. This week, numerous women, including Manson’s former fiancée, actress Evan Rachel Wood, havecome forwardwith allegations of“sexual assault, psychological abuse and/or various forms of coercion, violence and intimidation.” Wood, who was 18 when she met the then 36 year-old Manson, said of the relationship,“He started grooming me when I was a teenager and horrifically abused me for years. I was brainwashed and manipulated into submission.” Another former fiancée of Manson’s, actress Rose McGowan, released a statement in support of Wood and the other accusers.“I stand with Evan Rachel Wood and the other brave women who have come forward…Let the truth be revealed. Let the healing begin.” I stand with Evan Rachel Wood and other brave women who have come forward. It takes years to recover from abuse and I send them strength on their journey to recovery. Let the truth be revealed. Let the healing begin. In response to the cavalcade of allegations, Loma Vista Recordings, which distributes Manson’s albums, said it would cease promoting his current album and refused to work with him again in the future, and the powerhouse Creative Artists Agency quicklydropped himas a client. In response, Manson released a statement. “Obviously, my art and my life have long been magnets for controversy, but these recent claims about me are horrible distortions of reality. My intimate relationships have always been entirely consensual with like-minded partners. Regardless of how – and why – others are now choosing to misrepresent the past, that is the truth.” Публикация от Marilyn Manson (@marilynmanson) Manson is right; his rather pedestrian art and performative life have been magnets for controversy. But that is because they were built upon being intentionally provocative, particularly against Christianity. He repeatedly stuck his thumb in the eye of Christians in order to draw attention to himself, with“shocking”yet predictable actions like proclaiming himself to be a minister in theChurch of Satan(inducted by none other thanAnton LaVey), and quoting famed occultist Aleister Crowley’s dictum,“Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law”. It would seem, according to his accusers, that Manson actually lived that morally grotesque motto to the fullest, but the women on the allegedly unpleasant receiving end of it are now publicly exacting their revenge and ending his career. It’s a testament to the enormous cultural power of wokeness, with its two dominant denominations, #MeToo and blacklivesmatter , that its ability to cancel heretics and blasphemers far exceeds anything conservative Christians were able to accomplish over the last 40 years. That Manson thrived for so long in opposition to the old religion of Christianity, but has been utterly obliterated in no time at all by the new religion of wokeness, is revealing of the tectonic shift that has taken place in just the last four years in American culture. Further proof of this is that the pop culture establishment, which so dutifully defended Manson when he was offending Christians back in the 90s, will not even contemplate tolerating his alleged sins against women now. It is also striking that puritanical Christianity has been so soundly defeated in the culture wars by the entertainment industry, but that the puritanical impulse is still alive and well and thriving in Hollywood of all places, in the form of #MeToo feminism and BLM. Unfortunately for Manson, the only difference between the old irrational, hypocritical and sex-obsessed religion of Christianity that he so brazenly defined himself in opposition to, and the new irrational, hypocritical and sex-obsessed religion of #MeToo wokeness that is currently crucifying him, is that Christianity at least offers the opportunity for redemption. The truth is that Marilyn Manson danced with the devil to great success, but, as always, the bill comes due. It’s the height of irony that it wasn’t the puritans of conservative Christianity that took him down, but rather the witches of wokeness who’ve succeeded in burning him at the pop culture stake. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514703-cancellation-marilyn-manson-metoo/
"5 Feb, 2021",‘We gotta have them speaking about reparations’: Rapper Ice Cube set to meet with Biden as US president vows ‘racial equity’,"As Joe Biden promises to make racial justice a top priority for his administration, rapper Ice Cube has revealed that he could soon be meeting with the US president to discuss reparations for black Americans. In a radio interview, the iconic musical artist and actor revealed that Biden’s team had reached out to him and that plans are in motion for a White House visit later this month. He said that while he recognizes that the new administration is“really into helping all minorities,”Biden needed to back up his words by enacting""specialty programs."" “You know me, I’m all about reparations. It seems like a bad word to this administration but we gotta change that. We gotta have them speaking about reparations and add some fairness to this system,”the rapper said. Ice Cube revealed a ‘Contract for Black America’ in July in response to growing anger over racial inequality in the country following the killing of George Floyd at the hands of the Minneapolis Police. The rapper described the document as a “blueprint to achieve racial economic justice.” Aside from economic initiatives aimed at providing financial assistance to black Americans, the proposal calls for criminal justice and education reforms. Biden has signaled that his administration is committed to addressing such issues. In a speech on Thursday, he told State Department staff that“racial equity”will be“the business of the whole of government and all of our federal policies and institutions.” Ice Cube has has been pitching his agenda to both Democrats and Republicans in hopes that his controversial ideas, particularly the idea of compensating black Americans as a form of contrition over slavery, will take root. In October, he defended his choice to discuss his ‘contract’ with Trump officials, noting that he had also been contacted by Biden’s team about the proposal and that he’s open to cooperating with“anyone who will work with me.” Trump’s administration pushed through criminal justice reform that received support from rappers Lil Wayne and Kanye West. However, the former administration expressed little interest in reparations. Biden has already begun to reverse many Trump-era policies concerning social justice issues, using a series of executive orders and appointments aimed at promoting racial equality. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/514673-ice-cub-racial-equity-biden-reparations/
"4 Feb, 2021","Canada declares the Proud Boys a terrorist group, as BLM is nominated for the Peace Prize. Now, watch racial tensions explode","Canada’s dramatically dropped the bar on what it defines as terrorism, adding the Proud Boys to a list that includes Al-Qaeda and ISIS, while blacklivesmatter is practically canonized. Is this the way to kill political dissent? Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Considering that the foundation of US politics is now constructed almost entirely from the aggregate of half-truths, propaganda, and partisanship, it should come as no surprise that the news headlines are starting to reflect that sorry state of affairs. Case in point is Canada’s outrageousdecisionto designate the Proud Boys group as a terrorist entity, punishing the“white supremacists”for their participation in the January 6 riot at the US Capitol. Founded in 2016 by the Canadian media personality Gavin McInnes, who has since distanced himself from the group, the Proud Boys now rank alongside the likes of Al-Qaeda, Hezbollah, and Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS) in Canada’s rogues gallery of global baddies. Ottawa’s designation, which reeks of foreign meddling in the internal affairs of a sovereign state, begs a serious question: has Canada forgotten what terrorism looks like? Ask any person on the street to describe an act of terrorism and their answer will likely include references to deadly attacks on innocent civilians, such as the 2017 suicide bombing at the Manchester Arena in England that left 22 people dead, and the November 2015 Paris terrorist attacks that claimed 130 lives. Have Canadians forgotten the series of attacks on September 11, 2001 that struck the financial and military heart of the United States, leaving some 3,000 people dead? Hopefully not, because that cold-blooded act of terror was responsible for getting Canada bogged down in the longest war in its history. As a member of a US-led international coalition against Al-Qaeda in the mountains of Afghanistan for 12 grueling years, Canada eventually lost 158 soldiers and 7 civilians in the course of the fight. For anyone who may have forgotten history, that is what terrorism looks like. It is almost tempting, however, to excuse Canada for jumping the terrorist shark, as it were, considering the hysterical rhetoric emanating from its dangerously divided neighbor south of the border. Ever since January 6, when a horde of disaffected Trump supporters, among them members of the Proud Boys, descended on the Capitol building for the Electoral College count, the Democratic Party and its ever-loyal sidekick, the mainstream media, have been selling that incident as an act of Trump-sponsored ‘terrorism’. Such is the incredible power of the person or party that has the media industrial complex in their back pocket. But I digress. NBC News’ house historian, Michael Beschloss, was just one of many media personalities and politicians who recklessly characterized the events on Capitol Hill as a“terrorist attack”ordered by then-President Donald Trump (who, coincidentally or not, is up for his second impeachment this week). “This was a president of the United States inciting an insurrection, a terrorist attack on Congress,”Beschloss said, without the slightest hint of irony, before dropping the 9/11 bombast.“We observed 9/11, we remember … an effort to fly an airplane into the Capitol and kill a lot of members of Congress. That almost happened. Here is a terrorist attack [on January 6] that did happen.” On both September 11, 2001, and January 6, 2021, terrorist haters of democracy tried to attack our Capitol and Congress. But on January 6, they actually managed to invade the building and put our leaders and our democracy in danger. We had a close call and must never forget. In yet another cheap attempt to politicize the event, House lawmaker Adam Schiff (D-CA) stood on the floor of Congress and conflated January 6 – a day that will certainly live in infamy for the Democrats – with some of the most pressing challenges that have ever confronted the nation. “America has been through a Civil War, world wars, a Great Depression, pandemics, McCarthyism, and now a Trumpist and White nationalist insurrection,”Schiff said with all of the solemnity he could muster. Let’s be clear: to lump together the Proud Boys with some of the biggest names in the terror business is a self-defeating gesture – a case of crying wolf – when it comes to fighting terrorism. Although they will never be confused as boy scouts, aside from a couple arrests for their involvement in street brawls, the Proud Boys have never carried out a premeditated attack on any individuals or individuals, to say nothing of orchestrating suicide bombings, hijackings, or other mass killings, which is the modus operandi of modern terrorism. This is not an apology for the group – just the simple facts. So, why is Canadasingling outthe Proud Boys as a terrorist organization when left-wing groups such as blacklivesmatter and Antifa – organizations that have acquired global reach, as well as financial clout – are responsible for carrying out real violence in the United States? Could the answer be that the liberal government of Justin Trudeau is only too happy to crush a right-wing group of largely Trump supporters, perhaps as a gift to the new US leader, and especially as impeachment proceedings against Trump are about to begin? And with talk of the Biden administration preparing to roll out a ‘domestic terrorism law’, the move by Canada will certainly help in those efforts. In any case, regardless of what happens, radical left-wing groups, no matter how much violence and destruction they spawn, will remain above the law. That much was obvious following the death of George Floyd in May 2020 at the hands of a white police officer, as BLM went on a nationwide tour, looting and burning large swaths of the country. In the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul, for example, three nights of riotingresultedin 400 buildings being damaged, at an estimated cost of $500 million. In Portland, Oregon, BLM and Antifa staged violent protests outside the federal courthouse – government property, just like the Capitol building – where demonstrators clashed with National Guardsmen and other federal agents in scenes every bit as chaotic as those witnessed on January 6. To top off the anarchy, an entire city block of Seattle was taken over by left-wing protesters and declared, ironically enough, the ‘Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone’ – a short-lived experiment in police-free living that was soon disbanded after the citizens of this utopia started getting randomly killed by their own. Meanwhile, through the tear gas and mayhem, the media continued to provide ground cover, as witnessed by CNN’s description of the wanton violence and destruction as“mostly peaceful protests.” Damn. I was watching CNN the other day, and I thought:Involves a Viking hat: That’s a coupInvolves burning small businesses and government buildings to the ground: That’s a mostly peaceful protest How was BLM awarded for their handiwork? With an outpouring of massive corporate sponsorshipamountingto tens of millions of dollars, which could have been better spent rebuilding the destroyed neighborhoods the pack left in its wake. In fact, the outpouring of support for blacklivesmatter , which seems to think that destroying neighborhoods is the way forward, has even included a nomination for the 2021 Nobel Peace Prize. Incredibly, at the same time Canada awarded a predominantly white, right-wing outfit of US political malcontents with the yellow badge of ‘terrorism,’ a left-wing group of pro-black activists that isn’t shy about resorting to violence to promote its message is in the running for one of the most prestigious and honorable awards in the world. If I’m not mistaken, I’d say that, instead of working to promote a world of peace and stability, some very misguided politicians have just succeeded in driving up racial tensions – and possibly even the threat of terrorism – by several degrees. So, what’s the reason? Are they trying to conceal something – like maybe the great wealth divide,made even greaterduring the Covid pandemic – by focusing attention on the ‘racial divide?’ Or is this yet another symptom of Trump Derangement Syndrome, even though the divisive populist has been effectively removed from office? Or, finally, can such inexplicable moves be put down to a case of sheer stupidity? Whatever the case, the inexplicable move by the government of Canada to designate a group of protesters as ‘terrorists’ sends a very bad signal to the world, and does not bode well for the future of democracy and race relations. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514635-proud-boys-terrorist-white-supremacy/
"3 Feb, 2021","The establishment wants a Reality Czar in order to crush dissent and control people, not to unite us around objective truth","The mainstream media and ruling elite really hate conspiracy theories and misinformation – except when they don’t. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo On February 2, which ironically enough is Groundhog Day here in the US, the New York Times published an articletitled‘How The Biden Administration Can Help Solve Our Reality Crisis’. It seems a very bad sign that America is now relying on a geriatric Washington insider whose own perception of reality has been called in to question numerous times to solve a""reality crisis"". In the article, writer Kevin Roose spoke with ‘experts’ who offered suggestions about how to unify Americans around“reality”by stamping out“conspiracy theories”and“misinformation”. One of the suggestions was that Biden should create a“Reality Czar”to oversee the dismantling of“disinformation”and the surveillance of“conspiracy theorists”. That sounds like a great idea – I mean, what could possibly go wrong? The problem with a reality czar is that America is a post-reality nation. Our culture has gone so far to the extreme with regard to embracing subjective experience over objective reality that some blowhard bureaucrat is not going to be able to tip the scales back towards the rational. And, of course, that is the point. The Biden administration doesn’t want to return America to objective reality, they want Americans to embrace the establishment’s reality – and those are two very different things. The establishment reality is the neo-liberal, corporate controlled, military-industrial-complex reality that loathes being held to account for its continuous misdeeds and misinformation. The establishment reality demands we accept the absurdly incomplete official story regarding the spate of assassinations in the ’60s (JFK, MLK, RFK) while refusing to declassify and un-redact the millions of government files on those topics it won’t let us see. The establishment reality lied about the Gulf of Tonkin incident and gave us the hell of the Vietnam War. The establishment reality lied to us about Iran-Contra and the death squads in Latin America. It also lied about its complicity in the drug trade while it manufactured a War on Drugs. The establishment reality refused to declassify documents about 9/11 and to investigate the funding for that attack. It also unleashed George W. Bush and Dick Cheney’s ‘Dark Side’, which included the War on Terror, torture, massive surveillance, Gitmo, rendition and the Patriot Act. The establishment reality was the one that told us Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and gave us the Iraq War, and continues to give us the war in Yemen and the carnage in Libya and across the globe. It is often said that daylight is the best disinfectant, but we are continuously kept in the dark, and the establishment, regardless of which party is in power, is a gangrenous limb whose lies and disinformation are much more toxic to America and the world than anything some QAnon clowns can conjure in their fever dreams. It is pretty rich that the New York Times is running this article calling for a reality czar and bemoaning disinformation, as it has long aided and abetted the establishment in its concealing of truth and distorting of objective reality. Whether it be Walter Duranty andhis liesfor Stalin, or Judith Miller and her lies for Bush, the Times has proven over and over again that it isn’t a news organisation, but a praetorian guard meant to protect the tyrants, oligarchs and aristocrats from the masses. The establishment’s hatred of conspiracy theories is particularly amusing in light of what transpired over the past four years. Am I the only one who remembers theRussiagatehysteria? Stories of dastardly Rooskies hacking into power grids and voting booths, and usingmicrowaveweapons toattackAmericans have been commonplace in the Times and across the mainstream media, and yet those ‘conspiracy theories’ were not only accepted but embraced. Would the new Reality Czar hold the Times accountable for those idiotic stories? Would MSNBC be chastised for Rachel Maddow’s conspiratorial ramblings? Would CNN be reprimanded for its“mostly peaceful protests”disinformation? Would the Reality Czar target the scientists and medical experts who publiclyproclaimedthat it was OK to gather in large groups during the pandemic to protest for blacklivesmatter but not to protest against lockdown? How about those radical trans activists who distort and contort both science and reality? Would the Reality Czar target the new White House spokeswoman Jen Psaki, especially considering her laughably ridiculouspress conferencefrom 2015, at which, with a straight face, she stated that the US had a“long-standing”policy against backing coups? Of course not. Like a paranoid schizophrenic, our political and media elite is constantly trying to convince people that its own devious delusions are the one true reality. The Reality Czar would not be required to actually quash misinformation and conspiracy theories – only the misinformation andconspiracytheories the establishment doesn’t like. The reality is that the ruling elite are pushing the notion of rampant right-wing domestic terrorists and the danger of conspiracy theories in an attempt to conceal their crimes and stifle dissent, not to help objective “reality” flourish. As Orwell told us,“Who controls the past, controls the future, who controls the present, controls the past.”The establishment wants to control the present, the past, the future and, most of all, you. And a Reality Czar is just the beginning. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514540-reality-czar-establishment-control/
"3 Feb, 2021","If blacklivesmatter wins Nobel, it should be renamed to ‘Mostly Peaceful’ Prize","While 2020 may be remembered as the year Orwell turned over in his grave – and also the year deemed the perfect ""match"" for Satan – 2021 might well be remembered for the year Alfred Nobel did back flips in his. is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf The Nobel Peace Prize has often generated controversy over many of its dubiousnomineesand recipients. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger shared the prize with hiscounterpart, Le Duc Tho, “for jointly having negotiated a cease fire in Vietnam in 1973.” Kissinger won despite hisrolein the bombings in Cambodia and in the killings in ‘Operation Candor’. President Barack Obama wasawardedthe Nobel Peace Prize in 2009, inspiring him tobombseven countries as he managed to out-Bush G.W. Bush. The former Nobel secretarytoldthe AP news agency in 2015 that in awarding the prize to Obama, “the committee didn t achieve what it had hoped for.” You don’t say? Yet, one of the biggest jaw-droppers may be a current contender, the corporate-fundedMarxistfront group, blacklivesmatter . The nomination must make BLM’s sponsors proud. And how much do corporatesocialistslike blacklivesmatter ? As ofJune 2020, corporate America had pledged BLM over $1.678 billion, led by Bank of America and cheap-labor lover Nike. BLM was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize by a Norwegian lawmaker. NBC Newsreported: “In his nomination letter, Petter Eide, a Socialist Left member of the Storting, Norway parliament, wrote that he had nominated blacklivesmatter ‘for their struggle against racism and racially motivated violence.’” By now, much has been said about BLM’sviolentroots. Idiscoveredattempts by BLM (and its enablers) to disguise its history and ideology. But BLM’s scrubbing of its shady past has been to no avail, since its goals and tactics were on full display in the BLM-inspired riots. Protests and riots, including looting and arson,rampagedthrough the US from May to December 2020. The violence that resulted in theaftermathof the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis was the first “multi-state catastrophe event” ever declared for civil disorder by claim-tracking company Property Claim Services, Triple-I has said. iSnatch? Looters break into#AppleStore during#Washingtonriots over#GeorgeFloydkillingMORE:https://t.co/8mVil0f3HIpic.twitter.com/C7WzcqZvTc BLM demonstrations have includedcallingfor the murder of police officers: “What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want it? Now!” On August 29, 2015, during a blacklivesmatter marchoutside the Minnesota State Fair in St. Paul, a chant rang out: “Pigs in a blanket, fry ‘em like bacon.” Inspired by BLM, at least two police officers were murdered, one at point-blank range. On September 16, 2020, Axiosheadlined: “$1 billion-plus riot damage is most expensive in insurance history.” But noted in the report was the obligatory leftist cover for those who looted and set many cities ablaze. “The protests that took place in 140 U.S. cities this spring were mostly peaceful, but the arson, vandalism and looting that did occur will result in at least $1 billion to $2 billion of paid insurance claims.” In late August 2020, CNN infamously pushed the “mostly peaceful” mantra while a reporter was standing in front of a burning building in Kenosha, Wisconsin. CNN’s font actuallyread, “Fiery But Mostly Peaceful Protests After Police Shooting.” In May 2020, MSNBC’s correspondentstoodin front of a building on fire in Minneapolis, during a BLM riot. Ali Velshi said, ""I want to be clear on how I characterize this. This is a, mostly a protest. It is not, it is not generally speaking, unruly. But fires have been started.” Dedication to the elimination of the family unit, chants to murder cops, the death of at least 19 people, and one to two billion dollars in property destruction – all this seems to have escaped the notice of the Norwegian lawmaker. Or maybe it hasn’t. Perhaps this is the all-encompassing goal of “social justice” – to destroy the fabric of the social body in order to “build back better.” And so, should blacklivesmatter win this coveted award, their honor should henceforth be known as the Nobel ‘Mostly Peaceful’ Prize. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514456-black-lives-matter-nobel-nomination/
"2 Feb, 2021","Let’s dump the Nobel Peace Prize. With a roll call of winners featuring terrorists and warmongers, it’s lost all its credibility","The Peace Prize committee has had another tough year finding worthy nominations. So it’s time to ditch the charade, avoid honouring those who later disgrace themselves and stop bestowing undue virtue upon global organisations. One of the world’s great ironies is that the Nobel Peace Prize has honoured so many men of violence. Bomb-happy killers, terrorists, dictators, authoritarian monsters, the lot... they’ve all won the hallowed Peace Prize. But still its guardians continue their unending hunt for validation, offering up an annual slate of nominees whose characters are dissected and debated as to the worthiness of their inclusion on such an ‘important’ list. This year’s full list of nominations, which closed just yesterday, has not been confirmed. But bookmakers seems to think itincludessuch luminaries as grumpy teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg, that old fella off the BBC nature shows David Attenborough, ex-US President Donald Trump as well as his gopher son-in-law Jared Kushner, Princess of Woke Meghan Markle, Covid-19 survivor Boris Johnson, Turkish hardman President Recep Tayip Erdogan, the World Health Organization and in case you missed the overarching political correctness of the whole show, the blacklivesmatter movement. This completely unremarkable C-list of potential winners is expected to produce a shortlist in a month or so, from which the organising committee will ultimately vote for a worthy winner for one of the biggest, most coveted international awards. Seriously? But in reality, even at this early stage, the chances are that the peace prize will go to the WHO – that’s what the bookies are clearly suggesting – so that means an organisation, an abstraction will take home the silverware later this year and the individuals will be left looking inadequate, embarrassed and very human. It’s much safer that way, you see. The last man to win the Peace Prize was the young and charismatic Ethiopian Prime MinisterAbiy Ahmedin 2019, who had swept to power on a pledge of ending repression. It didn’t quite work out so well, however, and what followed were extrajudicial killings, political opponents thrown into jail and lengthy internet shutdowns as the country plunged back into turmoil. The Nobel Peace Prize committee even tried topersuadethe prime minister to turn things around, realising they may have been a touch premature in falling under the thrall of ‘Abiymania’. No joy there. But that’s not the first time that the judgement of the wise men and women who make up the committee has been found wanting. President Barack Obama was nominated for the Peace Prize just 12 days into his term of office, and won it 10 months later in 2009. While theofficial citationmentioned “his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples” (in just 12 days?) the drone-loving Prince fan will be remembered for dropping nearly threebombsevery hour, 24 hours a day during 2016, his final year as president. And for theannihilationof Libya too, of course. All in the name of “his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples.” There are suggestions that his being the first black US president – and his not being George W. Bush – might have something to do with the right-on Norwegian decision here. But, of course, that’s just jealous talk from poor losers. Then there was Yasser Arafat, the former head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization who won the peace prize jointly with the Israeli double act of President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin for their efforts in the Middle East in 1994. That led to anything but peace on the prize committee with one member resigning over Arafat, who he called “the world’s most prominent terrorist.” Elsewhere, one analystconcluded, “He was a thug. One of the most cunning of all time for sure, but quite simply a ruthless, thoroughly corrupt, will-to-power thug.” With a Nobel Peace Prize. Former darling of the liberal elites, Aung San Suu Kyi, the Myanmar prime minister currently cooling her heels indetentionafter this week’s military coup, was last seen on the world stage as she faced the International Court of Justice trying to explain her nation’sgenocideof Rohingya Muslims. She won the Peace Prize in 1991, “for her non-violent struggle for democracy and human rights.” They’re not thequalitiesfor which she’s remembered in the Rohingya refugee camps. Blind optimism drove the thinking behind 1973’s decision to give a joint award to US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and North Vietnamese communist leader Le Duc Tho “for jointly having negotiated a ceasefire in Vietnam” in the form of the Paris Accord which was signed in 1973. The problem was that the war didn’t end until 1975, before which time untold lives were lost. Maybe, back in the day, the origins of this cursed prize should have served as an omen. It should have been clear from the moment that Alfred Nobel, the unlucky-in-love Swedish chemist whostabilisednitroglycerine in 1863 first sold it to miners as ‘safety powder’ that its more lethal qualities would soon be identified. Sure enough, 19th century Russian terrorists assassinated Tsar Alexander II in 1881 with a bomb, taking early advantage of Nobel’s pioneering discovery. But that didn’t deter the Nobel family from trying to turn Alfred’s deadly chemistry legacy into a force for advancement and peace. Since their inception in 1901, Nobel’s annual prizes to high achievers in physics, chemistry, medicine and literature have sometimes provoked controversy. But none of those honours has left a history drenched in blood anything like the fifth of Nobel’s awards: the Peace Prize. The quintet of awards bequeathed by Nobel were to be decided upon by apolitical Swedish institutions, except for the peace gong. The winner of that was to be determined by the Norwegian Parliament in honour of the virtues of Nobel’s lost love, Russian countess Bertha Kinsky, to whom the engineer’s marriage had been blocked by his mother. Nobel died childless, sad and alone aged just 63. The problem with giving politicians the right to determine who should win an award, is that they cannot help themselves. They just have to make a political thing of it. And that’s when everything turns to…well, you know what it turns to. Because aside from the fact that one nation’s hero is often another’s villain, the Norwegians have struggled to find true universal peacemakers. So they’ve picked institutions and organisations, like last year’s winner, the World Food Programme, or 2017’s International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, and even, in 2012, the European Union “for over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe.” Puhleez! These outfits are much safer options. It’s easy to fluff up some limp justification in handing over an award that is unlikely to cause much pushback or embarrassment later on. But the downside is that it devalues the prize. It becomes a discredited inter-institutional award like some dreary, self-congratulatory advertising or furniture industry bash. There’s no personality to it. There’s no connection to real people, to peace or to the hope that brings. It has become a bunch of Norwegian centre-left politicians, with all their baggage, choosing a favourite cause for the year. Even Michael Nobel, great-grand nephew of Alfred, has had enough and in writing a foreword to Unni Turrettini’srecent book‘Betraying the Nobel: The Secrets and Corruption Behind the Nobel Peace Prize’ accuses the award committee of following “personal interests,” “political and national considerations” and “human rights or global warming.” These, he states, have “little or nothing” to do with Alfred Nobel’s bequest. So let’s drop the whole circus and lay the Peace Prize to rest. By all means, keep the rest – the medicine, chemistry, physics and literature awards, which offer an insight into pioneering work across those realms. But it’s not as if anyone will really miss the Peace Prize. Will they? ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514378-nobel-peace-prize-winners-terrorists/
"2 Feb, 2021",Democrats seek to strip Marjorie Taylor Greene of House committee assignments to negate ‘future harm’ from ‘QAnon Congresswoman’,"Democrats are demanding the GOP purge Georgia Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene from two House committees over her supposed “inflammatory and false statements,” apparently with support of some Republicans. Representatives Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida), Ted Deutch (D-Florida) and Jahana Hayes (D-Connecticut) submitted a resolution on Monday demanding Greene be removed from the House Education & Labor Committee and the House Budget Committee. “Reducing the future harm that she can cause in Congress, and denying her a seat at committee tables where fact-based policies will be drafted, is both a suitable punishment and a proper restraint of her influence,”Wasserman Schultz said in a virtual news conference. Group of House Democrats introduce resolution in the House that would remove Rep. Greene from her 2 committee assignments as a consequence for her inflammatory and false statements.https://t.co/hzCNvNvPQN The House Rules Committee will consider the resolution on Wednesday. According to unconfirmed reports cited by several mainstream outlets, House Democrats are trying to pressure the Republican leadership into censuring or expelling Greene themselves. One Democrat has already proposed to expel Greene from the House altogether – but that seems to be a tall order, since it would require a two-thirds majority. While Taylor Greene has enjoyed the support of high-profile Republicans, including from former President Donald Trump, some GOP leaders have echoed Democrats’ criticism of the upstart congresswoman. In a scathing statement issued later on Monday, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell called Taylor Greene a“cancer for the republicanparty ,”saying she’s bought into“loony lies and conspiracy theories.” “Somebody who’s suggested that perhaps no airplane hit the Pentagon on 9/11, that horrifying school shootings were pre-staged, and that the Clintons crashed JFK Jr.’s airplane is not living in reality,”McConnelltoldthe Hill.“This has nothing to do with the challenges facing American families or the robust debates on substance that can strengthen our party.” Greene, who ran unopposed in her Georgia district in November, has been a target of Democrat and media criticism ever since, accused of anything from sympathy to the“QAnon”conspiracy theory to wanting to“execute”Democrat leadership. Last week, the media accused her of claiming that the school shootings in Newtown, Connecticut and Parkland Florida were staged, and that 2018 wildfires in California were caused by“Jewish space lasers.” Rep. Cori Bush (D-Missouri), a blacklivesmatter activist also elected in November, moved her office away from Greene’s last week, claiming the maskless colleague“berated”her in a hallway and“targeted”her on social media – as well as“incited insurrection,”for which she ought to be expelled. Greene responded with a video of the altercation that showed things unfolding a bit differently. Bush’s reference to“insurrection”– as Democrats have chosen to describe the January 6 unrest at the US Capitol – suggests the clamor about Greene isn’t just about her social media posts from long before she was a member of Congress. She is an outspoken supporter of former President Trump, and filed articles ofimpeachmentagainst President Joe Biden last month, to argue the Democrats’ use of the process against Trump was purely political. The template for Greene’s ouster appears to be the January 2019 purge of Steve King (R-Iowa) after a New York Times article accused him of racism. Republicans were eager to denounce King back then. This time, however, there is no sign that the Democrats will stop with Greene. Bush is one of many lawmakers – including the firebrand Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-New York) – accusing Senators Josh Hawley (R-Missouri) and Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and some 147 Republican members of the House who dared raise the question about irregularities in the election of Joe Biden of“insurrection”andcallingfor their resignation or expulsion from Congress. Multiple senators haveacknowledgedthat Democrats are looking at the 14th Amendment – used to disenfranchise Confederates after the Civil War – as a tool against Trump and his supporters. If you’re defending yourself against the things someone who hates you is saying about you, you’ve already lost. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/514321-democrats-mtg-committee-congress/
"1 Feb, 2021","Facebook leak: Zuckerberg admits having TOO MUCH POWER but cheers new administration, seeks to WORK WITH BIDEN on key issues","Project Veritas has posted leaked videos exposing internal talks at Facebook lamenting the company admittedly excessive power but at the same time seeking to use its influence to “work with” President Joe Biden administration. ""These were all important and positive steps,"" Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said of the executive orders on immigration, Covid-19 and other issues that Biden signed right after being inaugurated on January 20.""And I am looking forward to opportunities where Facebook is going to be able to work together with this new administration on some of their top priorities, starting with Covid response."" Zuckerberg added that Biden was quickly taking action""on areas that we as a company really care quite deeply about and have for some time,""such as immigration, ending restrictions on travel from predominantly Muslim countries with inadequate security-screening capabilities, and advancing""racial justice and equity."" The comments came from internal meetings at Facebook that Project Veritas, an undercover journalism outlet, obtained through an unidentified source. The Q&A meetings with Zuckerberg and other executives occurred in January – one on January 7, before Biden took office, and the other on January 21, just after he was installed as president – and Project Veritas founder James O Keefe said his company Facebook""insider""remains on the job and aims to expose more secrets. The discussions gave no appearance of political objectivity. For instance, Zuckerberg gushed over the election of the first female and non-white vice president and appeared to take some credit for making that happen, saying that""despite the challenges that we are facing as a country, we all have so much to be proud of."" In contrast, Zuckerberg blasted former president Donald Trump for using his last days in office""to undermine the peaceful and lawful transition of power.""He argued that the protesters who participated in the US Capitol riot on January 6 somehow got preferential treatment from law enforcement.""It was troubling to see how people in this mob were treated compared to the stark contrast we saw during ( blacklivesmatter and Antifa) protests."" The riot wascoordinatedlargely on Facebook, according to a Washington Post report. Ironically, even as Facebook works to help bring about its desired policies, executives admitted that the company has excessive power. Nick Clegg, Facebook head of global affairs, conceded that politicians from such countries as Germany and Mexico have expressed""disquiet""about the power of Big Tech to control public discussion. He said Facebook agrees with the argument that private companies should be making decisions in a way that is framed by democratically agreed rules and principles. ""At the moment, those democratically agreed rules don t exist,""Clegg said, apparently overlooking such frameworks as the US Constitution. Guy Rosen, vice president for integrity, said Facebook has a program to""freeze commenting""on threads when its systems detect""hate speech""or violence. New censorship tools are among advances that Facebook has made in the past three or four years in""the integrity space, our efforts to protect elections,""he said. Facebook Vice president for civil rights Roy Austin suggested using Oculus virtual-reality technology""to help a white police officer understand what it feels like to be a young black man who stopped and searched and arrested by the police.""He added,""I want every major decision to run through a civil rights lens."" If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/514306-facebook-admits-excessive-power/
"1 Feb, 2021",RT News - February 01 2021 (17:00 MSK),"A feud between the EU and a British vaccine-maker intensifies with France and Germany proposing penalties if AstraZeneca gives the UK preferential treatment. Unrest breaks out yet again in France, over a security bill giving extra powers to police while officers themselves say violent troublemakers are avoiding prosecution. A Norwegian politician calls for blacklivesmatter to be given the Nobel Peace Prize for its fight against racial inequality. We put the proposal up for debate. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/news/514231-rtnews-february-01-17msk/
"1 Feb, 2021",RT News - February 01 2021 (12:00 MSK),"The ongoing row between the EU and UK over AstraZeneca vaccines intensifies with France and Germany proposing penalties if the company gives the UK preferential treatment. A fresh wave of demonstrations grips France over a controversial new security bill that as a French police union claims a legal loophole is giving radical protesters a get out of jail free card. The blacklivesmatter movement is nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for its fight against racial inequality despite outbreaks of violence and looting at some of its rallies. We put the proposal up for debate. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/news/514230-rtnews-february-01-12msk/
"30 Jan, 2021","Two shocking headlines that sum up Covid: Billionaires MADE $3.9 trillion during the pandemic, while workers LOST $3.7 trillion","The economic impact of Covid-19 on regular folk across the globe is as devastating as the physical toll it has taken, but we can’t just blame the super rich(er) for our woes – the true villains are much closer to home. In a simple comparison, two headlines seem to say it all about the economic impact of the Covid-19 crisis: the first, fromBusiness Insider, reads“Billionaires made $3.9 trillion during the pandemic”while the second, fromThe Guardian, shouts“Covid-19 has cost global workers $3.7 trillion in lost earnings.” A classic case of robbing Peter to pay Paul, it would appear at first glance but of course, the world doesn’t work that way and the two ideas behind the headlines are not directly related, no matter what your bicycle-riding, woolly-sweater wearing, craft-beer-quaffing socialist pals might say. But that doesn’t make the news any easier to swallow. Frankly, I couldn’t care less about the world’s billionaires, and maybe one day soon I won’t have to. They seem intent onmovingto Mars in their big rockets where their wacked-out ideas and dreams of a super-race can become a problem for the little green men to deal with. However, their surging wealth has become a headline writer’s dream. Added to those already cited, the BBCtrumpetsthat the increase in wealth of the 10 richest men in the world during the pandemic would cover the cost of vaccinating every single person on the planet. It’s not fair! It’s just not fair! But it is no use bleating about this. It’s our fault. Stuck at home while riding out this damned virus, we’ve been online around the clock, buying stuff we don’t need to have it delivered by Amazon, streaming hours and hours of online entertainment, addictively watching Tiktok and furiously messaging on social media, all activities that are unwittingly causing a boom in stock prices for all those global tech giants and their oddball owners – people like Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk and Bill Gates. Not everyone is cashing in our boredom. Nope, there are serial investors out there who pre-pandemic already suffered from the condition of having way too much money at their disposal. People who share the outlook of 19th century American robber baron, John D. Rockefeller whoadmitted,“I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.”Men like Warren Buffet, the so-called Sage of Omaha, who has made more than $20 billion since last March. Unfortunately, his good fortune comes not by selling anything the rest of the world can use – like free care homes for the elderly and vulnerable or a reliable Covid-19 vaccine that everyone clamours to buy – it’s through smart investment of his existing billions. All this would be easy to shrug off – oh well, that’s just the way it is – if it wasn’t for the incredible tsunami-like impact that the coronavirus pandemic has had on our national economies and our everyday lives that can be seen with a cursory glance at the graphs and tables that chart such effects. While we each come to terms with our own new normal, the collective overview is alarming. Every major economy is struggling withrisingunemployment. Up 11 percent in Italy in 2020 compared with 2019. Nearly nine percent in the US and France. Some 5.4 per cent in the UK and 4.3 in the European powerhouse, Germany. Across the globe, shoppers have vanished with retail footfall down 97 percent in Germany, 78 percent in the UK, 65 percent in France and Canada, and 20 percent in the USA, the biggest economy on the planet. Global tourism has been crushed, with 2020 a total washout for everywhere from Thailand to Brazil to Italy and France. The airline industry? Devastated. This means millions of jobs lost, many of which may never return. There is no need to go on. Unless you’re a billionaire, let’s face it, the figures suck. You can believe that as a result of the collapse in our economies, and the jobs that have followed down that big black hole, lost earnings from workers could quite easily total that estimated $3.7 trillion figure. You’d have to bet it will be even higher once the various government-backed furloughschemesand income support grants inevitably come to an end in countries like the UK. It would be fun to paint the world’s billionaires as evil puppet masters bent on global domination and the development of a Mars-bound master race, sucking up the wages of the world’s workers so they can buy more rocket fuel and mansions built into mountains, but sadly the reality is far more prosaic. All governments were caught criminally flat-footed by this pandemic and everyone has subsequently paid a terrible price. Years of complacency, cuts to public health budgets and dismissive approaches to warnings of a global pandemic are what got us where we are. The shambolic handling of the Covid-19 crisis cannot be blamed on crooked billionaires scheming away in their secret island hideaways, but can be laid at the feet of the very politicians that we ourselves elected, operating in plain sight. It is essential that we remember this the next time these true villains want something from us – like votes – or we risk this all happening again. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/514054-covid-pandemic-billionaires-richer/
"29 Jan, 2021", blacklivesmatter movement nominated for 2021 Nobel Peace Prize by Norwegian MP,"The blacklivesmatter movement has been nominated for the 2021 Nobel Peace Prize by a Norwegian MP Petter Eide, who claims the impact of BLM’s anti-racism rallies has been felt far beyond the US alone. “I find that one of the key challenges we have seen in America, but also in Europe and Asia, is the kind of increasing conflict based on inequality,”Eide said. blacklivesmatter has become a very important worldwide movement to fight racial injustice. In his nomination papers, the MP hailed the movement for its ability to“mobilize people from all groups of society,”including in his native Norway, where some 12,000 people attended an Oslo BLM rally in June. BLM was initially founded in 2013 in response to George Zimmerman being acquitted of the murder of unarmed black US teen Trayvon Martin, who he shot dead in Florida in 2012. The movement gained traction following the killings of other black people, including George Floyd, who died in police custody in Minneapolis in July last year after officers put him in a chokehold, sparking global BLM-led anti-racism protests. Under therulesfor the prestigious gong, any politician serving in any national government or assembly can enter nominations. The deadline to submit nominations is February 1, and the chosen Nobel Laureates will receive their prize at an award ceremony on December 10 in Oslo. The 2020 prize was given to the World Food Programme for its efforts to combat hunger. ",https://www.rt.com/news/514080-blm-nominated-nobel-peace-prize/
"28 Jan, 2021","Even in victory, liberals brand all Trump supporters ‘white supremacists’, not caring that this slander is tearing America apart","Recent testimonies from ‘survivors of the Trump regime’ are creating the false narrative that half the US is irredeemably racist, but it is those misguided views, not the MAGA crowd, that pose the real danger to the republic. Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Ever since 2016, US conservatives have been subjected not only to the biased news reporting of an activist media, but to the jeremiads of liberals who are forced, as cruel fate would have it, to share breathing space with those knuckle-dragging troglodytes known as ‘Trump supporters.’ Heart-wrenching tales of familial shame and betrayal lurk just below headlines that leave little to the imagination. Gems of journalism such as“‘Wives of the Deplorables’DiscussLife with Husbands Who Support Trump” (“What’s the a-hole-in-chief saying today?”), and“The Very RealPainof Having Trump Supporters as Parents”(“…if my parents supported a racist, misogynistic human as president of the United States, I must have some of that within me too”). Not to be outdone in the scramble to the unfathomable depths of dementia, Time magazine recently published a full-length featuretitled“It Makes Me Sick With Grief: Trump’s Presidency Divided Families. What Happens to Them Now?”(“Soren… is mystified as to why [his Trump-loving parents] couldn’t see the same homophobic and racist behavior and instincts that he saw”). You get the idea. Sifting through this hate-filled collection of ‘Trump-supporters-are-vile-humans’ exposés, I stumbled on a piece ofcommentarywith the promising title,“I’m A First-Generation Indian American Woman. I Married Into A Family Of Trump Supporters.”At last, I fantasized, an upbeat story about that 75-million-strong political demographic known as ‘Trump supporters’ that has never, as far as I know, got a single drop of non-toxic ink by the leftist media. Naturally, I was to be disappointed, and beyond my wildest dreams. In fact, this story far outpaced the pack for propagating the most vicious stereotypes about conservatives I have read since at least last week. In one of the cute anecdotes, the reader is treated to a fly-on-the-wall view of a Christmas scene where a member of her husband’s family received a football jersey with the name ‘Kaepernick’ on the back. “They laughed with derision as they passed the jersey around and heckled the Black football player who had dared to peacefully protest police brutality and racism,”Shrestha Singh wrote. What the writer failed to mention, however, is that Kaepernick, the pro football player turned activist, began the gesture of ‘taking a knee’ during the singing of the National Anthem before football games as a means of protesting police brutality. While most Americans would eagerly support a campaign to end police abuse and racism, many believe disrespecting the American flag was not the best way to get the job done. That Americans from all creeds and colors disagreed with Mr. Kaepernick’s campaign was evident, with football ticket sales taking a major hit as his ill-conceived campaign dragged on. The lesson that the media would not admit is that a person needn’t be a racist to find disfavor with Mr. Kaepernick. But here is where I almost fell out of my chair. After discussing the reaction of the Trump voters to a black player’s football jersey, Singh segued violently into a scene straight out of the film ‘Mississippi Burning’. Here, the author went on to describe a grisly photograph from 1930 that had been presented during one of her creative writing college classes, which showed,“two young Black men, their clothes torn, their bodies bloodied and broken, hung by their necks from a tree. The faces in the crowd are luminescent in the night.”Do you see the connection? Don’t feel bad, neither did I. Although Singh admits several paragraphs later that“tossing a jersey around was not the same as a lynching,”that did not prevent her from making that regrettable connection anyway. Like so many other writers before her, she made a conscious decision to project a heinous crime from the past onto the present in an effort to effectively accuse innocent Trump supporters – even her own erstwhile family – of being cold-blooded racists. That is an attribute the overwhelming majority of people find repulsive and unforgivable – indeed, as it is. Having read this piece, and so many others like it, I understand that my country is being led by the leash to a very dangerous place. And I say“led”because many Americans are now being deceived into believing that theirs is a nation rampant with racists and xenophobes – to the point where, in the current political climate, it is now acceptable to speak about even the possibility of future lynchings. Of course, people are entitled to their views, as set down by the First Amendment, but that is precisely the problem. Only those individuals who tout the anti-Trump mythology that says his supporters are racist white supremacists are awarded a platform – both in traditional media and on social media. All others need not apply. Yet if we are going to outright condemn 75 million-plus Americans as xenophobes it would behoove our media overlords and political leaders to at least allow some open debate on the issue. Yet the establishment has already decided on the matter for us, thank you very much. From Trump’s campaign pledge to close the border with Mexico to the high-profile murder of George Floyd by a white police officer, the media has a ready-made explanation: America and its Trump supporters suffer from“systemic racism.”Period. From that point, it was off to the races, as Antifa and blacklivesmatter (BLM) took to the streets in many uninterrupted weeks of“mostly peaceful protests.” Even when a blocks-long section of Seattle was turned into a cop-free“autonomous zone,”the media gazed on the madness insilent approval, if not outright pride. Compare that kid-glove reporting of BLM to thesavagetreatment the media dished out to those Trump supporters who stormed the Capitol building. This politically tainted reporting, where journalists are performing the dirty work of activists, is toblamefor placing many innocent people, not least of all Senator Rand Paul, into extremely dangerous situations. At the same time, ‘inconvenient truths’ about the Trump years are casually ignored or explained away with Orwellian doublespeak. For example, when the media is forced to explain why a huge number of Blacks and Hispanics joined the republicanparty under Donald Trump, the explanation is that these people suffer from – wait for it –“multiracial whiteness.” “What are we to make of … Latino voters inspired by Trump,”asked Cristina Beltrán in the Washington Post.“And what are we to make of unmistakably White mob violence that also includes non-White participants? I call this phenomenon multiracial whiteness – the promise that they, too, can lay claim to the politics of aggression, exclusion, and domination.” Well, there you have it. The phenomenon of minorities throwing their support behind the premier racist Donald Trump, enjoying some of their best economic gains in many decades, is because they, too, want to ride the wave of white supremacy with all of the apparent advantages of membership. Some people must lay awake very late at night dreaming up these ideas. Whatever the case may be, the primary focus of the US establishment should be less about curbing the vastly overblown problem of racism, and more about coming to terms with the media industrial complex’s glaring lack of balance and impartiality when it comes to covering the two predominant political forces in the country. It’s time to accept the fact that, media fake narratives notwithstanding, Trump supporters will be a political force for a long time. Before these millions-strong voters reach the end of their patience with fake news, it d be best to treat them with an equal amount of journalistic integrity. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513948-liberals-trump-white-supremacists/
"28 Jan, 2021","‘Never Forget’ means facing history, not erasing it. If we can’t handle statues, we’re helpless against living, breathing fascists","The US and Europe bristle with monuments to Nazi collaborators, warns Jewish outlet The Forward, hinting these false idols could use a BLM-style swim in the river. But forgetting our history almost guarantees it will repeat. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram On Holocaust Remembrance Day, Forward writer Lev Golinkin unveiled a list of scores of monuments and streets across the US and Europe honoring “fascists, Nazis and murderers of Jews” as indicative of a darker current running through supposedly tolerant societies. That most were erected in the last 20 years is indeed shocking. But removing or renaming them risks amputating our past at a time when we need to be learning from it more than ever. What happened to ‘Never forget’? The frenzy to tear down monuments to prominent southern Civil War figures was a point of bitter controversy over the summer. Demands to take down memorials to Confederate leaders soon grew to include former presidents traditionally looked upon as American heroes, from Theodore Roosevelt to Thomas Jefferson. Even the Washington Monument wasn’t spared calls for renaming, and many Americans – especially in the south – felt their history was under attack. Like BLM’s targets, the names on The Forward’s list are presented as universally evil, unfit to be seen by polite society – even though the reality is far from black and white. Dragoljub ‘Draza’ Mihailovic,leaderof the Yugoslavian Chetnik militia, is described as a Nazi collaborator by The Forward, but no less than Encyclopedia Britannica names him and his militia as resistance fighters against the Nazis, noting he was cleared of the collaboration charge by a US commission of inquiry. Under his command, the Chetniks rescued 400 Americans who’d been shot down over enemy territory, and he was awarded the Legion of Merit after his death. This is why monuments of him stand in six American cities. Similarly, World War I hero turned Vichy France Nazi puppet Philippe Petain has streets named after him all over the US for his heroics in the first war, not his betrayal in the second. Unfortunately, not every figure highlighted by the outlet is misclassified. Notorious Ukrainian Nazi collaborators Stepan Bandera and Roman Shukhevych were memorialized in Ellenville, New York in 1962 by veterans who had served under Shukhevych during World War II and clearly did not feel they had done anything wrong in slaughtering tens of thousands of Poles and Jews. Less explicable – and a lot more ominous – is the youth summer camp in Baraboo, Wisconsin, where busts of both men were erected in 2012 and 2013. The following year, the US helped sponsor a coup, backed by neo-fascists, to overthrow the democratically elected government of Ukraine. That young children are being trained, both in the US and in Ukraine, to revere these fascists is disturbing, to say the least. Even more so is Washington’s support for such indoctrination. But the US is home to a large and fervently nationalist Ukrainian community who are unlikely to suffer the removal of their heroes lightly – one could expect the same backlash that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia, when its statue of Confederate leader Robert E. Lee was threatened. Any decision to remove or, better, contextualize the statues must be taken with the full support of the community, unless one wants to actually feed fascist sentiment by creating an (inanimate) martyr. Golinkin actually seems to resent that BLM toppled statues of slave owners and Confederate generals without stopping to think of the Nazi collaborators who’d been similarly memorialized, calling it “the most curious thing about last year’s protests.” And like articles published in support of blacklivesmatter over the summer, the list – which included a handy map showing a relatively sparse sprinkling of these sites in the US, but many in Eastern Europe – strongly hints the offending structures be destroyed, noting they “disparage the dead” and “warn the living.” He confuses cause and effect, suggesting nascent fascist movements in Eastern Europe or the US are taking their cues from decades-old statues, as if their mere existence constituted a wink and a nod to go get ‘em, tiger! What the world needs to put an end to all this is more Holocaust education, the writer declares. In fact, an American can’t turn on the TV without tripping over a Hollywood film or a History Channel series about the evils of fascism, the horrors of the concentration camps, and other atrocity porn. The situation is the same in Western Europe, where countries that were invaded by and suffered under the Nazis are payingreparationsto Holocaust victims who are no longer living. The very word “Hitler” has become synonymous with “politician I don’t like” for political commentators on the left and right alike. Historical ignorance is endemic in the US – if anything, Americans probably know more about the Holocaust than they do about their own history, including the concentration camps on US soil that held Japanese – not Jewish – prisoners. In WWII, 1/3 of Germans killed another third of Germans while the remaining third stayed silent. Who can remain silent in these times? We must oppose@realDonaldTrump#Trumphitlerpic.twitter.com/yqMGOqYjCc This dumbed-down exposure doesn’t translate to understanding, of course. Being on the receiving end of Hollywood’s endless WWII dramas and the History Channel’s cartoonish “nightly Nazi shows” gives the distorted impression that fascist regimes somehow spring fully formed from the forehead of a Hitler or a Mussolini, who somehow hypnotized entire populations into committing unspeakable atrocities. But these leaders could never have taken power without legions of devoted followers, and that process is often excised from official reenactments. Read Hannah Arendt or George Orwell or any of the other excellent writers who’ve delved into the psychology of fascism, however, and the chain of events becomes clearer. History is a complicated knot of causes and effects, not a jumble of disparate facts to be accessed when needed, from which troublesome figures can be excised and fed to the memory hole. The Germans had been emasculated and reduced to dire poverty when Hitler showed up (buoyed by bushels of American and British money) and promised to ‘build back better,’ blaming Jews for the nation’s problems and feeding on the popular rage that resulted. The unfortunate truth is that the vast majority of people do not join up with fascist parties because they’re born evil, and even radicalizing propaganda rarely convinces someone on its own. Political frustration, economic privation, and personal struggles often play a much larger part. Given that the Department of Homeland Security just issued a domestic terrorismwarningfor the next three months based on the political frustration of former president Donald Trump’s supporters, coupled with the economic carnage wrought by government responses to the Covid-19 pandemic, one would be naive not to expect a wave of fascist sentiment. And given the bloodthirsty calls from the “other side” to hound the ex-president’s supporters out of employment and pry them off the internet – whiledehumanizingthem as rats and bringing in thousands of National Guardsmen to occupy the streets of Washington, DC – one would be even more naive to think that sentiment would come from just the right. A fascist takeover has nowhere to grow in a nation that treats its citizens fairly, without elevating one group above another; that offers quality education and economic opportunity; that encourages people to participate in society rather than fear it. But the US and Europe have never been so unlike that description. At a time when German politicians are suggesting sending Covid-19 dissenters to internment camps, Europeans are surely realizing they’ve seen this movie before. So have Americans – we’ve just chosen to forget it. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513924-hitler-holocaust-fascist-history/
"28 Jan, 2021",Manchester United condemn ‘anonymous mindless idiots’ for racial abuse levied at players following defeat to Sheffield United,"Manchester United have slammed trolls responsible for torrents of vile, racist social media messages sent to players Axel Tuanzebe and Anthony Martial in the wake of the club surprise 2-1 defeat to Sheffield United on Wednesday. Ole Gunnar Solksjaer s men suffered a calamitous home defeat to a Sheffield United team who have endured the worst-ever first half of a Premier League season, with goals from Kean Bryan and Oliver Burke enough to cancel out Harry Maguire header, dealing a significant blow to United unlikely title challenge in the process. The defeat handed Manchester City a one-point advantage at the summit of the Premier League table, with Pep Guardiola side having a game in hand over their city rivals. The manner of United defeat was overshadowed by a cascade of aggressive messaging directed at a host of United players on social media in the wake of the loss, with Axel Tuanzebe and Anthony Martial in the firing line for internet trolls. This is a disgrace 🤬These ignorant idiots need to be exposed so everyone can see them for what they are!pic.twitter.com/jGZiAEnVHv We are#UnitedAgainstRacism.Then, now and always. A number of fans posted racist messages on old Instagram photos of both players, while Tuanzebe - who made his first start of the season in the defeat - was also targeted on Twitter. Tuanzebe has reportedly since deleted his Twitter account. Amid the ongoing blacklivesmatter anti-racism campaign which has been in effect throughout the Premier League season, Manchester United issued a statement early on Thursday in which they condemned the torrent of abuse directed at their players, writing that they were ""disgusted"" at the ""mindless idiots"" who lashed out online. ""Everyone at Manchester United is disgusted by the racial abuse received by players via social media after last night game,""the club said. ""We utterly condemn it and it is encouraging to see other fans condemn this on social media also. ""Manchester United has zero tolerance of any form of racism or discrimination and a long-standing commitment to campaigning against it through our All Red All Equal initiative. UNITED against racism. We will not tolerate it 🔴⚫️pic.twitter.com/lR8Qcnxq4N Brothers ♥️pic.twitter.com/I5a0lytxMG ""Identifying these anonymous mindless idiots remains problematic. We urge social media platforms and regulatory authorities to strengthen measures to prevent this kind of behavior."" Anti-racism watchdog Kick It Out also spoke out against the abuse and called upon social media companies to take action against those found to be responsible. ""We are disappointed that players are continuing to be subject to racist abuse on their social platforms. It is completely unacceptable,"" the group chair, Sanjay Bhandari, announced. A post shared by Axel (@axeltuanzebe_38) ""We will continue to work with the football authorities, law enforcement and social media companies to try and rid football of hateful and discriminatory behavior. ""As we have said before, online hate must have real-life consequences, so people don t continue to spread hate as freely as they wish. ""The individuals responsible for this abuse will hopefully be identified by the social media platforms and swiftly removed."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/513893-manchester-united-tuanzebe-racist-abuse/
"26 Jan, 2021",Antifa is GOP? Oregon Dems blast ‘relentless Republican attacks on values’ after anarchist rioters trash party’s Portland HQ,"Oregon’s Democratic Party has responded to Antifa’s Inauguration Day attack on its Portland headquarters by insinuating that Republicans are to blame and making no mention of the black-clad vandals who smashed up its property. “Years of relentless Republican attacks on our Democratic values and the very foundations of our democracy have not stopped our work, and neither will this senseless vandalism,”the party stated on Monday in aFacebook post.“We are undeterred.” Hours after Democrat President Joe Biden was sworn in last Wednesday in the nation capital, dozens of Antifa activists descended on the party’s Portland headquarters, breaking nine windows, busting out the glass front door and spray-painting graffiti on the building. Onebannercarried by marchers at the riot said,“We don’t want Biden. We want revenge for police murders, imperialist wars and fascist massacres.” Sound of breaking glass at what appear to be democratic offices at 9th & Everettpic.twitter.com/rgxipVVgjx Activists also set fires and clashed with police on Inauguration Day, leading to 15 arrests.Police saidthey recovered knives, Molotov cocktails and other weapons. Many of the suspects had been arrested and released for offenses allegedly committed during the riots that plagued Portland for 120 days last year, journalist Andy Ngo said. In my latest report, I look into the backgrounds of the 15 suspects arrested at the Portland#antifaInauguration Day riots. Police confiscated guns, homemade firebombs, knives & more. Unsurprisingly, nearly half were arrested & let go at riots last year.https://t.co/bBN1cllCnd Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler and Oregon Governor Kate Brown, both Democrats,blamedthen-President Donald Trump for stoking the violent demonstrations. But with Trump on his way out of office and the violence continuing, Wheeler declared earlier this month that the city would need to use“additional tools”to“bring the criminal destruction and violence to an end.” The Oregon Democratic Party was back to blaming Republicans on Monday. The organization asked for donations to help pay for the latest property damage and noted, without making any reference to the culprits, that its headquarters has been repeatedly vandalized during the past year.“None of the prior incidents have deterred us from our important work to elect Democrats up and down the ballots,”the party proclaimed.“This incident will be no different.” Some observers were astonished by the party’s cognitive dissonance.“Stop blaming Republicans,”one Facebook user said.“Take responsibility for your own actions. Condemn Antifa. Condemn far-left extremism! Save Portland from the destruction you endorse before it is all destroyed by those you support.” Another commenter agreed, saying,“Your party has been hijacked by the far leftists. The sooner you come to grips with that and deal with it, the better off your party might be. Or not. You tolerated this all last summer. You did nothing about it. Now you reap what you’ve sown.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/513694-oregon-dems-blame-gop-for-antifa/
"26 Jan, 2021","‘Weeping’ over ‘brave corporations’ like Amazon, Google & Apple? You might have Stockholm Syndrome… or just work for Buzzfeed","Not all heroes wear capes – some wear brand names. So says Buzzfeed writer Katie Notopoulos, who was reduced to weeping with joy when Big Tech cracked down on Trump-supporting social media. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram In what appears to be a sincere paean to corporate censorship, Notopoulos took to Buzzfeed on Mondayto gushover the three tech companies who banded together to deplatform Twitter competitor Parler earlier this month. Google and Apple kicked it off their respective app stores, while Amazon withdrew its hosting service, pulling the rug out from hundreds of thousands of users who’d flocked to the pro-free-speech platform after being banned from Twitter and Facebook. All three companies justified their unprecedented actions by blaming Parler for Trump supporters’ January 6 raid on the Capitol. Apple – seemingly concerned with the message it was sending by booting Parler in the absence of any real rule violation not also committed byTwitterandFacebook– made a big show of giving the company 24 hours to devise a policy for controlling “objectionable content,” while Amazon dug up “extensive violent threats” it felt Parler should have removed. But Facebook and Twitter are already on the defensive, as hate-speech-hunters point out they’re guilty of Parler’s “crimes,” and the platform is seeking legal recourse against Amazon. That’s not how it happened in Notopoulos’ epic re-telling of the Parler saga, which she handily stripped of its shades of gray. She likened Amazon, Apple and Google wielding their “seldom-used banhammers” against the evils of free expression to the murder-mystery cliche in which the “ace FBI agent” arrives at the scene, dismissing the bumbling local cops with a smooth “we’ll take it from here.” In this version, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube are the bumblers, incapable of removing “hate groups, disinformation, and the QAnon mass delusion” from their platforms, allowing these great evils to “fester and metastasize into our politics and culture.” Social media fiddle – endlessly rewriting rules, partnering with fact-checkers and malignant think tanks, beefing up censorship algorithms – while Rome burns. Never mind that Google, one of her heroes, owns YouTube, one of her villains. This is fan-fiction, not real life, and requires decisive action from the platforms: They have worked their heads so far up their asses that they’ve forgotten they can just smash that ‘ban’ button. The real hero here, according to Notopoulos, is capitalism. It’s the caped crusader of “capitalism” that smashed that proverbial button and “drained the fever swamp” of Parler, which she, too, blames for the Capitol raid (after acknowledging that the raiders had been radicalized by “disinformation smoothies gavage-fed to them via ‘up next’ sidebars” on Facebook and Twitter). Capitalism withdrew all sources of funding for the Trump campaign, in the form of Stripe, PayPal and Shopify kicking the then-president and some of his supporters off their services. Capitalism inspired brands from Coca-Cola to Nike to withdraw their contributions to Republican politicians who voted against certifying Biden’s November victory. Except that neoliberal bedtime story makes no sense. Praising “capitalism” for these companies making business decisions that lost them money is absurd, since it is precisely the pursuit of profit – for better or worse, the driving force at the heart of capitalism – that led Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to keep these supposedly undesirable users online for as long as possible, stringing them along (as Notopoulos admits!) with those alluring ‘up next’ sidebars and yummy disinfo smoothies. Capitalism is the only reason Trump and his supporters were using Stripe and Shopify to move merch. Capitalism created a society where even self-styled populist politicians have to cozy up to big corporations like Coca-Cola to get elected. If anything, Trump himself is the human embodiment of capitalism, selling everything up to and including his name under the Trump “brand.” For all the former president’s faults (and there are many), he is a marketing genius, having amassed a huge and devoted following by presenting himself as a populist underdog beset from all sides by rabid establishment hacks (many of whom he hired himself). By all logic, Notopoulos should hate capitalism. Until very recently, liberals could at least be counted on to oppose big money’s influence in politics. Even some establishment Democrats at least paid lip service torepealing Citizens United, the Supreme Court decision that opened the floodgates for corporate billions into political campaigns. But with corporations pouring massive contributions into groups like blacklivesmatter , gleefully feeding the identity politics beast (the better to divide and conquer the working class with, my pretty!), complaints about corporate control are few and far between. Except from far-left progressives, who have (coincidentally!) seen their presence on social media slashed to bits during this month’s Great Deplatforming alongside the Trumpers. Notopoulos admits that corporations swinging around their “banhammers” on a whim isn’t “necessarily” a good thing, and even seems to understand that it would quickly lead to the collapse of the internet as we know it – specifically the Section 230 liability protection that requires platforms to apply their moderation rules evenly. She also seems to grasp that having payment processors like Visa and MasterCardcalling the shotson what content can be uploaded to PornHub started the country down a slippery slope (pornography, apparently, is less offensive than right-wing political speech). But she literally doesn’t give a s**t, likening the gradual erosion of Americans’ First Amendment to plumbing issues in her conclusion (in which she also seems to admit she defecates in the shower): “Drano works to unclog my shower, but my landlord tells me it ruins the whole pipe system. I don’t expect the plumbing system of the internet to improve; there will always be more monster turds clogging it up. Happy flushing!” Translated: “Deplatforming everyone I disagree with might ruin the internet, but the internet was going to be ruined anyway, so let’s keep doing it!” It’s easy to understand why the Buzzfeed writer is so enamored of blanket censorship, though. While one might expect her fascist fanfic to be promptly shredded on social media, the response after it went up on Monday was mostly limited to literal “awe” from her fellow blue-checks, with a few “amens” and other approval. in awe of how@katienotopoulosends this piecehttps://t.co/llN1pGcovzpic.twitter.com/C2XOuieOuy Ms. Notopoulos, your echo chamber is ready. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513686-buzzfeed-corporate-superheroes-censorship-wtf/
"26 Jan, 2021","Miraculous anti-racist Covid-19 strain resurfaces in Australia, just in time for indigenous protests","Residents of Sydney can’t have more than five guests around for an Australia Day barbecue, but can gather in thousands to protest the national holiday. Covid-19 is truly a crafty disease. January 26 isn’t a day of celebration for everyone in Australia. Some indigenous Australians call the holiday“invasion day,”and for them the anniversary of the landing of the British First Fleet at Port Jackson in 1788 is a day of mourning and protest. The ongoing coronavirus pandemic didn’t get in the way of planned protests this year. In Sydney, protest organizers split their gathering into 500-person blocs to get around the New South Wales government’s restrictions, while in Melbourne, protesters split into 100-person groups. Just in case you need to get a scale of the protest today in Narrm/Melbourne. Here is the crowd on the march. (In groups of 100 due to COVID restrictions)@GuardianAuspic.twitter.com/3H62mvEy5D The Guardian wanted readers to know thateverything was greatand safe and socially distanced, and that every arrest made had nothing to do with the protesters. Even as video footage inside the Guardian’s article showed throngs of people packing a park and several arrests – including one for assault on a police officer – were described, the demonstrations were still“mostly peaceful and socially distanced.” Thousands of people have packed Victoria Square for a Survival Day March calling for a change to Australia Day celebrations@10NewsFirstAdlpic.twitter.com/3pwoBatRnZ The article was just one of more than a dozen Guardian stories published in the last two days calling the holiday“Invasion Day,”which is hardly surprising given the left-wing slant of the Guardian. Nor is it surprising that the Guardian would downplay the threat of Covid-19 at these gatherings. After all, the mainstream media did the same all across the US and the western world at large last summer when ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ rallies were held in more than60 countriesworldwide. But try to gather a few friends for a barbecue and see what happens, mate. The protesters in Sydney reached an agreement with the police, whereby no arrests would be made if the demonstrators made an effort to remain socially distant. However, anyone hoping to invite five friends around to their house or gather outside in a group of 30 or more will earn themselves a visit from Old Bill and an on-the-spotfineof AU$1,000 ($775), or AU$11,000 ($8,520) in court. Just look at the residents of Melbourne who were smacked with a whoppingAU$20 million($15.4 million) in fines during the state of Victoria’s draconian lockdown last year, or the pregnant womanhandcuffedand frogmarched out of her home for organizing an anti-lockdown rally in the city. Perhaps if they’d just broke the law anti-racistly, they’d have been fine. Likewise, if the ‘Freedom Day’ protestersarrestedin Sydney back in September had only demanded freedom for indigenous Australians, they would have been left alone. If the small group of protestersoutnumbered and collaredby police in a simultaneous protest in Melbourne had carried images of George Floyd instead of placards calling Covid-19 a hoax, they would have got a pat on the back from the Guardian, instead of baton bruises and fines from police. None of this is hypocritical in the slightest, because Covid-19 is an anti-racist disease. It’s true. The coronavirus has the power to transform“super-spreader”events, like Donald Trump’s rallies, intospontaneous outpouringsof disease-proof public celebration, like Joe Biden’s victory parties. It passes over the heads of the righteous and socially just and infects the backwards, the bigoted, and the barbecuers, like a Biblical plague reworked for our secular age. It’s not political, it’s just science. Right-wing motorcycle rallies arescientifically provencoronavirus catastrophes, while months on end of BLM protestsactually slowedthe spread of Covid-19. Don’t roll your eyes like that! You’re not a science denier, are you? But, to opponents of Australia’s lockdowns who were fined or arrested over the last few months, watching thousands of protesters take to the streets unmolested will sure look hypocritical, and political. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513692-australia-invasion-day-protest-covid/
"26 Jan, 2021","If capitulating to the trans lobby is the best Joe Biden can do in his first week in power, ailing America is truly doomed","The Democrats are incapable of dealing with the real issues facing the US. Welcome to the brave new transgender world, where mothers are ‘gestational carriers’ and males identifying as females win all the ‘women’s’ sports events ByGraham Hryce, an Australian journalist and former media lawyer, whose work has been published in The Australian, the Sydney Morning Herald, the Age, the Sunday Mail, the Spectator and Quadrant. In America and Australia, both ailing and faltering liberal democracies, it has been an eventful week for transgender activists and their cohorts, small in number though they are. President Biden in his first week in office has fervently embraced the transgender cause. The new president issued an executive order on “Gender Identity Discrimination” that dramatically extended the ambit of existing anti-discrimination laws. Transgender persons can now no longer be prevented from competing infemale sports; and female-only institutions, such as women’s refuges and women’s prisons are a thing of the past. Biden also signed an executive order overturning Donald Trump’s ban on transgender personsservingin the US armed forces. And, more ominously, the White Houseendorsedthe use of “gender-neutral pronouns.” This accords with Nancy Pelosi’s recentedictthat the words “mother,” “father,” “daughter” and “son” would no longer appear on the White House website or in official government documents. Mothers are apparently now to be referred to as“gestational carriers”or “chest feeders.” How these measures will “heal a divided America” is not immediately apparent. Does Biden believe that parents in the rust belt states will welcome the prospect of hefty transgendered Brunhildas charging down the football fields of Wisconsin leaving their daughters in their wake? Does he believe that hordes of ersatz Myra Breckinridges running amuck on the athletic tracks of Yale will bring a deeply divided America together again? Will parents in Middle America dealing with the pandemic appreciate being told that the terms “mother,” “father,” “daughter” and “son” are no longer part of the American language? Will American mothers welcome being called “gestational carriers” or “chest feeders”? I very much doubt it. It has only taken a week for Biden and the Democrats to conclusively demonstrate that they are incapable of meaningfully dealing with the real issues confronting contemporary America. But this should come as no surprise. Politically correct ideologies of all kinds – including the particularly aggressive transgender variant – are simply irrational mechanisms for camouflaging and ignoring the real problems facing western liberal democracies. The more that so-called “progressive” governments adhere to these ideologies, the less able they are to properly govern, and the swifter the process of national decline. If capitulating to the transgender lobby is the best Biden and the Democrats can do in their first week in power, America appears truly doomed. Australia has experienced a somewhat milder version of transgender ideological fervour this week, as the country celebrates Australia Day today, January 26 – our equivalent of July 4. The focus was Australia’s most famous female tennis player, Margaret Court, the winner of more grand slam tennis tournaments than any other woman player. Ms Court, whose tennis triumphs took place in the 1960s and 1970s, is now 78 and an ordained minister, leading a Pentecostal church in Perth dedicated to feeding the poor and homeless. This week she was awarded the Companion of the Order of Australia – Australia’s highest civil honour – provoking a brutal backlash from the LGBTA lobby, transgender activists and fellow- travelling woke politicians and celebrities. What provoked this backlash? Ms Court had spoken out publicly against same-sex marriage (during a recent referendum debate on this issue) and the transgender transitioning of children. Her views on these issues flowed from her religious convictions. In true totalitarian fashion, transgender activists decreed these opinions unacceptable, and it followed that Ms Court had to be denigrated and punished for having expressed such views. During the Chinese Cultural Revolution, people accused of holding heretical views were paraded before Mao and the Communist elite with wooden placards around their necks. On the placards were written their names, over which X’s had been scrawled – perhaps an early example of individuals being “cancelled.” Much the same happened to Ms Court this week. Dan Andrews, the Labor Premier of Victoria and champion of all things woke (whose incompetence caused Victoria’s second Covid-19 outbreak that led to over 800 deaths and thousands of new infections – compared to about 50 deaths in New South Wales, for example), led the attack on Ms Court. Andrews said that Ms Court’s views were “disgraceful, hurtful and cost lives” (Andrews would know about the latter), and that she should be stripped of her award. Federal Labor leader, Anthony Albanese, whose political ineptitude is such that his own party is currently debating whether to depose him or simply allow him to lose the next election, was also quick to condemn Ms Court. A leading transgender activist who had been awarded an Order of Australia medal in 2016handedher award back, and a retired ABC broadcaster ostentatiously refused to accept the award he was scheduled to receive this week. All of this ensured that Australia Day was characterised by a great deal of division and acrimony. Ms Court stood her ground and it appears that she will keep her award. Ominously, however, not one Australian politician came to her defence. What lessons can we learn from these recent events in America and Australia? First, they highlight the narcissism and totalitarianism at the heart of the transgender movement. Not only is debate over its aims and tactics prohibited, but unthinking, uncritical, slavish adulation from all citizens is demanded. Any individual who does not acquiesce (like Court) must, of course, be “cancelled.” Transgender activists may denounce Donald Trump, but they have much in common with him – not least of all a shared innate narcissism. Second, the transgender modus operandi (similar to that of the #METOO, blacklivesmatter and catastrophic climate-change movements) is deeply divisive and destructive of basic liberal values, most importantly free speech. Third, Biden’s language policy exposes the nihilism inherent in the movement. The drive to abolish biological sexual categories and the family (initially by abolishing words but later, no doubt, the reality as well) is self-destructive and nihilistic. Could any society in which large masses of citizens perpetually change their gender orientation (by means of radical surgery and drug treatments) and in which the family had been abolished, survive for long? And, if gender and sexual orientation are mere social constructs, why are surgery and drug programs – both of which alter the physical body – necessary at all? Fourth, one immediate consequence of Biden’s ‘reforms’ will be the destruction of women’s sport. Older feminists have now realised this, and also that the transgender cause constitutes an attack on women themselves and all that feminism has achieved. Not surprisingly, these feminists are amongst the most perceptive critics of the transgender movement. As the journalist and feminist Janice Turnerwroterecently, “Terminology that erases women’s material reality is not only degrading but impairs our ability to protect existing rights.” It is clear that politically correct politicians like Biden and Andrews either have no idea of the consequences of their actions or, if they do, simply do not care. In any event, pandering to such irrational causes is a dangerous form of political decadence. But unless western politicians committed to liberal democratic values take a stand on these issues (unpopular as it may be with some interest groups), the future may turn out to be far bleaker than even that envisaged by Aldous Huxley in “Brave New World.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513658-biden-transgender-army-lobby/
"26 Jan, 2021",Canadian lawmakers demand Trudeau labels Proud Boys ‘TERRORIST entity’ in unanimous motion on ‘hate groups’,"Canada’s parliament has unanimously passed a motion urging the federal government to label the Proud Boys a “terrorist” organization, accusing the right-wing group of using violence and preaching “hate.” The House of Commons passed the measure without opposition on Monday, calling on Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s Liberal government to“use all available tools to address the proliferation of white supremacists and hate groups starting with the immediately designating the Proud Boys as a terrorist entity.” By unanimous consent, the#HoCadopted a motion regarding the proliferation of white supremacist and hate groups and the designation of the Proud Boys as a terrorist entity. The motion was introduced by New Democratic Party (NDP) leader Jagmeet Singh, who celebrated its passage on Monday afternoon, though he voiced a note of caution, stating that Trudeau“has a habit of breaking his promises”and can’t be trusted to“follow through”on the measure. Our motion calling on the Liberal govt to designate Proud Boys as a Terrorist Org has passed!But, Justin Trudeau has a habit of breaking his promises.Sadly, we can t trust him to follow through.We need to the pressure on, sign here to keep it going:https://t.co/KBzMGqQqpX Singh moved to add the group to the“terrorist entities”blacklist almost immediately after the riot at the US Capitol on January 6, which saw a crowd of supporters of former president Donald Trump storm the building as Congress convened to certify Joe Biden’s election win. By January 7, the NDP chief launched apetitiondeeming the Proud Boys a“right-wing extremist group that promotes white supremacist views,”while stating that its members“joined a group armed with deadly weapons as they led an assault on the US Capitol.” This was an act of domestic terrorism. The Canadian government, for its part, said it is considering the terrorist designation, but has yet to pull the trigger, with Minister of Public Safety Bill Blair stating:“We re working very diligently to ensure that where the evidence is available… that we ll deal appropriately”with the Proud Boys – a group created by Canadian citizen Gavin McInnes, a co-founder of Vice magazine. “We re very mindful of ideologically motivated violent extremists, including groups like the Proud Boys. They are white supremacists, anti-Semitics, Islamophobic, misogynist groups. They re all hateful, they re all dangerous,”Blair said. If added to the terrorism list, the Proud Boys would join known militant groups such as Al-Qaeda, Islamic State and Boko Haram, also giving Canadian authorities the ability to seize assets from the organization. The push to label the group comes amid a similar offensive against“domestic extremists”in the US following the riot on Capitol Hill, with the new Joe Biden administration quickly ordering a“threat assessment”on such groups and the“role of social media”in the unrest on January 6. While a spokesperson for Blair argued such designations are“not a political exercise”and must be based on“legal processes”and“concrete evidence,”many observers online have blasted Singh’s motion as a thinly veiled political gesture targeting a right-wing organization, some suggesting there are“bigger fish”to fry than the Proud Boys – which was originally founded by McInnes in jest. Now do BLM and Antifa...Have Proud Boys done any real damage in Canada? Or just said some naughty words? I have no love at all for the Proud Boys, but it feels like we re really lowering the bar on the definition of terrorism here. Meanwhile, the Canadian Anti-Hate Network – created to“monitor, research, and counter hate groups”–criticizedthe measure as too broad, saying that while some Proud Boys factions have“all the hallmarks of a terrorist organization,”it is nonetheless concerned about“definitions being loosened, power being misused, and eroding civil liberties or the criminalization of legitimate protest.”The network named“more threatening white supremacist”groups it said are more deserving of the ‘terrorism’ label. This is a nonbinding motion. The PBs have NOT been designated a terrorist group today. The Canadian PBs have been misogynistic, racist, & violent, but that not enough for the terror list criteria- and there bigger fish. This merits discussionhttps://t.co/jLazgZnPHX#cdnpolihttps://t.co/Rwwgykxa4O ""There are more threatening white supremacist terrorist organizations. O9A and the Iron March legacy groups (eg. AWD and The Base) absolutely meet the criteria as written, and should be designated first.""O9A and IM legacy groups do murders/terror plots.https://t.co/jLazgZnPHX David Hofmann, a professor of sociology at the University of New Brunswick, has also voiced skepticism in the designation. Last week, hetoldPublic Radio International the move would have no“real strategic value,”predicting it would only scatter the Proud Boys into other groups and won’t“change the members’ ideas.” Though the Proud Boys are an avowedly right-wing outfit that vocally supported Trump, the group’s current leader Enrique Tarrio – who identifies as“Afro-Cuban”– has repeatedly denied any connection to“white supremacy”and insists his organization is not a“hate group.” “I denounce white supremacy. I denounce anti-Semitism. I denounce racism. I denounce fascism. I denounce communism and any other -ism that is prejudiced towards people because of their race, religion, culture, tone of skin,”Tarriotolda Florida Fox affiliate last year. Tarrio made headlines more recently after he was arrested in Washington, DC on property destruction charges, linked to a demonstration in December where he torched a blacklivesmatter banner belonging to a local church. The Proud Boys chairman hasadmittedto burning the sign, but claimed it wasn’t“about the color of someone’s skin,”but rather because“BLM is a Marxist movement… that has terrorized the citizens of [the United States].” ",https://www.rt.com/news/513601-canada-proud-boys-terrorism-list/
"25 Jan, 2021","ABC panel compares Trump departure to end of NAZI regime, Civil War & apartheid… and excuses Biden from action","Panelists on ABC struggled to one-up each other in over-the-top comparisons between the end of Trump presidency and the downfalls of infamous totalitarian regimes, pushing the usual Trump-as-Hitler comparisons to the limit. The panelists sparred over whether the country should submit to a ""truth and reconciliation"" commission before the newly inaugurated Biden administration can implement his touted agenda of ""unity"" and ""healing."" Some argued that former President Donald Trump had done too much damage for the country to simply move ahead with business as usual, while others want him to get to work on restoring ‘normalcy’ – or at least subjecting both sides to the same level of prosecution. With Trump’s impeachment trial looming in the coming weeks, the rhetoric has gotten more heated. The republicanparty is split between those who still support Trump and those who can’t wait to see him disappear, while Democrats want the former president in prison and haven’t hesitated to place his alleged crimes alongside those of some of history’s most notorious dictatorships. ""Other countries have gone through this before – Germany, Japan, South Africa,"" Republican political strategist Matthew Dowd insisted during Sunday ‘This Week’ program. ""Before you get to reconciliation and healing, you have to have some element of truth and accountability-ness [sic]."" Perhaps realizing that comparing Trump departure from the White House under the shadow of a second impeachment to Hitler’s bunker suicide following the Nazi defeat, the post-WW2 Allied occupation of Japan amid the fallout from nuclear bombs, or South Africa after the fall of apartheid was over the top even for ABC, Dowd pulled back. The post-Trump era could instead be more like the aftermath of the Civil War, he warned. The assassination of Abraham Lincoln derailed the president post-war ""idea of forming a thing and demanding truth"" about slavery, Dowd argued, pitching the country into 100 more years of racism before the civil rights movement emerged in the mid-20th century.Former Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel agreed, explaining that Trump was up to his eyeballs in white supremacy and had to be held accountable for the Capitol riot. Protesters wearing execrable ""Camp Auschwitz"" t-shirts had committed a crime on which there could be no statute of limitations, he suggested. ""If you have a wound in the body politic, it must be disinfected to be cleaned,"" Emanuel declared, trying his own hand at Nazi-esque rhetoric. ""It is not going to get better in the next three to four weeks,"" he continued. He implied there could be no ""moral equivalency"" between prosecuting rioters destroying property in Portland and rioters destroying property while waving a Confederate flag in Washington, DC, because only the latter meant ""defending the Constitution and the organizing principles and values of this country."" Former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie pushed back against the pair, arguing Biden owed it to the country to treat blacklivesmatter rioters who laid waste to cities like Portland with the same heavy hand as Democrats sought to prosecute Capitol rioters. Rioters in Portland, Seattle, and several other cities where BLM demonstrations have caused extensive property damage were repeatedly let off the hook, according to Republicans. Dowd, however, insisted Biden should get a pass on his critics calls for unity, healing, and fiscal responsibility, arguing four years of Trump had so damaged the US that it earned the new president a respite from doing his presidential duties right away. ""Give me a break about calling Joe Biden out for any of this right now, because of what happened over the last four years,"" he said. Trump impeachment trial in the Senate is set to begin on February 9th. Earlier this month he became the first president ever to be impeached twice, after he was blamed for inciting the Capitol riot on January 6 by addressing a group of protesters outside the White House who then swarmed the building while Congress was in session. Five people altogether died during the Capitol riot – three due to ""medical emergencies"" and two violently – while at least 25 Americans were killed in and around the often-violent demonstrations from May to October – both BLM and pro-Trump rallies. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/513561-trump-hitler-civil-war-abc/
"25 Jan, 2021","Pro-LGBTQ anti-war activists, or right-wing extremists? Internet goes ballistic after Jimmy Dore interviews ‘Boogaloo’ member","Jimmy Dore has found himself at the center of an ideological internet feud after the left-wing pundit suggested that progressives share many common causes with the Boogaloo movement, often denounced as a far-right militia. The popular political commentator and comedian interviewed a self-described“Boogaloo Boi,”Magnus Panvidya, after seeing a video of the gun-toting radical denouncing US wars and corporate power during a speech in front of the Michigan State Capitol. Noting that he couldn’t find anything in the speech that he disagreed with, Dore explained that he decided to invite Panvidya onto his show to“explore his beliefs further.” Panvidya described himself as an anarchist who had a long history of environmental activism, rejecting the claim that the Boogaloo Bois were white supremacists or right-wing extremists. He described the movement as a“libertarian/Green Party militia,”arguing that it has been regularly mischaracterized by inaccurate media reports. Known for their Hawaiian shirts, the Boogaloo Bois have been spotted at demonstrations across the United States following the killing of George Floyd at the hands of the Minneapolis Police in May. The group has called for a revolution in the United States, peaceful or otherwise. According to Panvidya, armed Boogaloo members have provided security at numerous blacklivesmatter protests sparked by Floyd’s death, stressing that the movement was similarly opposed to police brutality. He added that, despite claims to the contrary, the group is anti-discrimination and supports LGBTQ+ rights. He insisted that some people who affiliate with the movement do not accurately represent its values, adding that crackdowns on their social media accounts have made it more difficult to coordinate activities and weed out troublemakers. “Being libertarian and being in this weird middle ground… We’re used to all sorts of people claiming a bunch of things about us that aren’t true,”Panvidya told Dore. Later tweeting about the interview, Dore said that he was“completely floored”to learn that Panvidya and his comrades shared many political and social views held by progressives and wanted“unity”with the Left. I interviewed a member of the Boggaloo Boys, I was completely floored when he said he is: -Pro LGBTQ-Pro blacklivesmatter -Anti Police Brutality-Anti Racism-Anti ICE -Anti WarWTF?!?!Radicalized Michigan Anarchist Seeks Unity With The Left.https://t.co/nTXQ3gCEg4 Unsurprisingly, the discussion split social media, with some insisting that the Bois have been unfairly slandered by the media, while others took the polar opposite view and accused Dore of giving favorable news coverage to“white supremacists.” Right-wing commentator Michael Malice gentlychidedDore for expressing surprise about the interview, suggesting that it was no secret that the movement was tolerant and libertarian. Others said they were pleasantly surprised by Panvidya, even while expressing concerns that he may not be an accurate representation of what the movement stands for. Enjoyed the interview.I sensed empathy coming from the dude. That goes a long way with me. I was pleasantly surprised. I found the man mostly reasonable -his speech segment, impressive even. Wiki, however, is saying his sub-group w/in this movement is an exception rather than the rule. But if ppl like him foster communication, I see it as good.https://t.co/75RNNEJzkd However, judging by the responses to Dore’s tweet, the interview was generally not well received. The left-wing commentator was bombarded with mocking memes painting him as naive and gullible. It’s almost like he’s telling you what you want to hear because he knows you don’t research anything and will offer zero pushbackspic.twitter.com/E2MVu5vZd7 Liberal journalist Eoin Higgins trashed the interview, comparing it to someone interviewing a scorpion and being told by the predatory arachnid that it is“pro not stinging me.” I interviewed a scorpion, I was completely floored when he said he is:-Pro frog-Pro not stinging me-Pro just getting across the river -Anti drowningWTF?!?!?!I am very stupid Some went a step further, accusing Dore of collaborating with“white supremacists”and“Nazis.” What Jimmy Dore and his ilk are trying was already tried a century ago. It led to the Holocaust and the bloodiest war in history of humanity lolpic.twitter.com/35nmhFpsI3 Jimmy Dore is a white supremacist collaborator.Rips on Progressive POC for right-wing clicks. Dore is no stranger to upsetting the liberal orthodoxy. He was recently attacked by liberal pundits for appearing on Fox News host Tucker Carlson’s show. The pair discussed the case for Donald Trump pardoning Julian Assange, with Carlson conceding that Dore had convinced him the WikiLeaks co-founder should be released. Some commentators claimed that Dore was lending credibility to the Fox News personality s“far-right”agenda by coming on his program. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/513514-boogaloo-dore-interview-reactions/
"24 Jan, 2021","Reporter critical of Antifa flees US amid threats as ‘POLITICAL REFUGEE,’ decades after his parents arrived as asylum seekers","Journalist Andy Ngo, whose parents fled to the US from Vietnam in 1978, has become a political refugee himself, fleeing to London, saying he received death threats from Antifa over his coverage of the movement. “For a number of months now, there just been increasing threats of violence against me, promises by Antifa extremists to kill me,”the Portland native said Saturday night in a Sky News interview. Local law enforcement authorities did nothing about the alleged threats, even when Ngo provided names of the suspects, he said. “It pained me a lot, temporarily having to leave the country and home that settled my parents who came there as political refugees,”Ngo added. Ngo came to increased prominence after he was attacked by a mob of Antifa protesters in 2019. There have been no arrests in connection with that attack – in which Ngo was beaten, robbed and hospitalized with a brain injury – even though it was caught on camera from various angles and the journalist lawyer provided names of suspects to police. Some Antifa members have condemned Ngo for“enabling fascism”and exposing them to danger by reporting their names and posting their arrest photos. He was vilified byRolling Stonemagazine, which branded him as a“right-wing troll”and said he tries to“demonize”Antifa. Hatred towards Ngo apparently escalated even further with the upcoming publication of his book,‘Unmasked’,which chronicles Antifa history of violence and its“radical plan to destroy democracy.” Powell City of Books, the Portland retailer which is touted as the world largest independent bookstore, was targeted by protesters after saying earlier this month that it would refuse to stock Ngo tome on its shelves but would continue selling it online. Demonstrations outside the flagship Powell store in Portland were sometimes violent and dragged on for at least a week, forcing the massive retailer to close early and evacuate employees and customers out the back door. Breaking: On 16 Jan., BLM-antifa rioted outside@PowellsBooks during the sixth day of protests calling for my book ""Unmasked"" to be banned. Some of the#antifacame armed with weapons during the street brawl in downtown Portland.#PortlandRiotshttps://t.co/LJ1Wt8G7E3pic.twitter.com/R8hvxFzX42 The protests, which some observers called“modern-day book burning,”may have had an unintended consequence by bringing more attention to‘Unmasked’.The book, which is scheduled for release on February 2, is already the No. 1 seller in several political categories on Amazon.com. At one point earlier this month, it was theoverall top sellerby the online behemoth. Ngo said the same Democrat politicians who have condemned and magnified the January 6 US Capitol riot were silent“at best”when Antifa and blacklivesmatter plagued Portland with 120 days of riots, including violent attacks on a federal courthouse, last year. He said some even promoted crowdfunding efforts to get rioters out of jail, while others described federal law enforcement officers as“Trump Gestapo and secret police.” Rioting in Portland was so bad on President Joe Biden Inauguration Day that 15 Antifa activists were arrested, nearly half of whom had been busted and released for similar crimes last year, Ngo said.“This is a nightmare version of Groundhog Day,”he added. Reminded that Biden had called Antifa “an idea, not an organization” during last year presidential campaign, Ngo pointed out that documents leaked to him show Antifa organizational setup, including processes for recruiting, radicalizing and vetting new members. “Very sad,”author Julia Smith said of Ngo fleeing to London.“This is not the America his parents sought.” Very sad - this is not the America his parents sought. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/513500-antifa-journo-flees-us/
"23 Jan, 2021",‘Multiracial whiteness’ is the latest attention-seeking attempt by patronising white liberals to explain racism to black people,"The Washington Post’s effort to ‘make sense’ of the existence of black Trump supporters is just more specious nonsense that compounds the insulting myth that black people can only be defined by their relationship to ‘whiteness’. David Matthewsis a writer whose work has appeared in The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday and the Observer, and on the BBC and Channel 4. He is the author of several books, including Voices of the Windrush Generation. Follow him on Twitter@mrdavematthews. IT’S TOUGH being a black reactionary these days. Not that I am one. But I almost feel sorry for anyone who is. Almost. Take African-American social commentator, right-wing poster chick and Trump fangirl Candace Owens. She’s been lambasted by black radicals and white liberals alike for going MIA ever since Donald lost his marbles – sorry, the election. The suspicion is that Trump’s impeachable role in the Capitol “coup attempt” has shamed Owens into silence. Never mind that her absence may have something to do with the fact she’s about to give birth – she’s a Trumpster and she’s married to a white man for Christ’s sake. So she’s ‘obviously’ a sell out! Cut to Britain, and Tory Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng. In the UK, where contrarianism and ass-about-face thinking reigns supreme, being an old Etonian, a Cambridge grad (he got a double first in classics and history) and a cabinet minister makes Kwarteng, ironically, a failure in the eyes of the Left. In fact, he’s held in such contempt by ‘progressives’ that he’s been called a “house slave” by their ‘house poet’, Benjamin Zephaniah, a Rastafarian scribe who noisily declined an OBE, which, in the general scheme of radicalism, is about as edgy as ordering salad instead of chips. Clutching his dog whistle, former Labour leader Ed Miliband this week accused Kwarteng of “taking a wrecking ball to the hard-won rights of working people and families.” In extended code, “working people” of course means “white people.” The implication is:‘Here’s a posh black man with a funny name who speaks with an orange in his gob; he’s not like you; he’s not like us. Loser.’ Campaigning last May, Uncle Joe Biden eschewed a dog whistle and went full trombone. During a tense radio interview with African-American radio host Charlamagne tha God, the future president remarked: “Well I tell you what, if you have a problem figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black.” As my 14-year-old would say: “Black people got told.” While Biden took some heat for this ‘gaffe’, it did make me chuckle, reminiscent as it was of Michael Rapaport’s ‘wigger’ TV executive, Thomas Dunwitty in Spike Lee’s satire Bamboozled. ‘Whitesplaining’ to his subordinate – producer, Harvard graduate and ‘sell-out’ Pierre Delacroix (played by Daman Wayans) – Dunwitty exclaims that his underling’s black shows are “too white,” before adding: “I have a black wife and two biracial kids. Brother man – I’m blacker than you!” Whether it’s whitesplaining, cultural appropriation or simply putting us in chains, whites ‘owning’ blacks – literally and metaphorically – is nothing new. Call it ‘white privilege’, ‘entitlement’ or just plain old racism, 213 years on from the Abolition of the Slave Trade Act in Britain and 158 years after Abraham Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation, white people are still lecturing black people on what’s good for us. Which leads us to this week’s hip new whitesplaining mind dump – the theory of “multiracial whiteness.” Multiracial whiteness, as posited by New York University’s “associate professor of social and cultural analysis,” Cristina Beltrán, assumes that “a few” African-American or Latinos were among theestimated3,000-20,000 yobbos who overran the Capitol. As such, they have bought into “the promise that they, too, can lay claim to the politics of aggression, exclusion and domination.” Writing in the Washington Post, Professor Beltrán says, “One of the organizers of the ‘Stop the Steal’ movement is Ali Alexander, a Trump supporter who identifies as Black and Arab. The chairman of the neo-fascist Proud Boys is Enrique Tarrio, a Latino raised in Miami’s Little Havana who identifies as Afro-Cuban; when he arrived in Washington for the Jan. 6 march, he was arrested for allegedly burning a blacklivesmatter banner taken from a Black church the month before.” So far, so intriguing. But in her attempt to whitesplain why this observable yet uninterrogated minority of blacks and Latinos have joined the outer branches of America’s right-wing cuckoo’s nest, Professor Beltrán’s argument betrays a liberal obsession with whitesplaining racism, which is dangerously close to a social scientific racism in itself. Her theory, however, is just that – a theory. Having neither interviewed Alexander nor Tarrio, or reported any psychological account of their complex backgrounds, Ms Beltrán has no idea who these people really are, what motivates them, what others think of them, and so on. Academically, her argument is not only speculative, given the lack of any supporting literature, it’s also specious. For one, the “discriminatory worldview” she ascribes to her subjects, along with the desire to “engage in the wild freedom of unbridled rage and conspiracy theories” and indulge in the “politics of exclusion, violence and demonization” suggests a tiny minority who, at best, are suffering from Stockholm syndrome, and at worst, are the sort of mindless hooligans I’ve witnessed during 40 years of watching English football. The only difference is these idiots have guns. And bigger flags. The Capitol insurrection Beltrán describes can be seen through a racial lens insofar as America, period, can be seen through one. Having sacrificed 600,000-850,000livesto the American Civil War – a war predicated on the still unprosecuted crime against humanity known as ‘slavery’ and the genocide of untold and obscene numbers of Native Americans – the US lives in the constant shadow of race. But it seems like a stretch to suggest that, by Prof. Beltrán’s own admission, the miniscule number of Trump’s contentious 12 percent of the black vote who are extremists are anything other than a deeply troubled tiny minority of reactionary voters, especially as numerous Republican candidates have performed better than Trump among black voters over the last century. Richard Nixon received 15 percent of the vote in 1968, Gerald Ford got 17 percent in 1976 and Ronald Reaganwon14 percent in 1980. As 44-year-old Republican voter Wayne Bradley from Southfield, Michigan told USA Today, black Trump supporters “often look at issues such as gun control, judicial appointees, personal wealth and anti-abortion sentiment when casting their ballots.” When asked how he could overlook Trump’s racist rhetoric, Bradley said: “As a Black man I’m not comfortable with that, but I’m a results-orientated kind of person. If you’re providing opportunities to people, I’m OK with that. I can live with talk. I need to see action. And the action and the results were speaking for itself. If it wasn’t for COVID, I think he would have won again.” The folly of whitesplaining, and now multiracial whiteness, is the supercilious way it leads all roads back to a self-aggrandising, bourgeois, Eurocentric starting point. The idea that black people can be ill-informed, batty, middle of the road, mediocre or, as in the case of Mr Bradley, pragmatic – on our own terms – is high treason to a white liberal hegemony whose narrative of the black experience is solely defined by our relationship to whiteness. Even the notion of ‘white supremacy’ is really about ‘white attention seeking’. Most black people, Candace Owens included, have more important things to think about than a bunch of homoerotic Proud Boys, GI Joe clones and lumberjack loons going buck wild because The Donald isn’t on TV anymore. So, before the liberal intelligentsia starts channelling multiracial whiteness as a way to create yet another race myth, it’d do well to check its privilege and feel the pain of a genuine black reactionary, namely Carlton Banks from The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air: “Black isn’t what I’m trying to be, it’s what I am. I’m running the same race and jumping the same hurdles so why are you tripping me up? You said we need to stick together, but you don’t even know what that means. If you ask me, you’re the real sell-out.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513294-multiracial-whiteness-explain-black/
"23 Jan, 2021","Facebook BANS UK Socialist Workers Party, revives account with ‘no explanation’ as dozens of local pages remain suspended","The UK’s Socialist Workers Party was temporarily booted from Facebook, restored hours later with no explanation given for what the left-wing org deemed a “silencing of political activists.” Dozens of related pages remain banned. The party said its main account, as well as its local pages, were deactivated on Friday, calling the move an“attack”while demanding the profiles be“reinstated immediately.” “Facebook has shut down the accounts of one of the biggest left wing organisations in Britain,”the SWP said in apress release, adding that“dozens of leading SWP activists”were simultaneously kicked off the platform. Those targeted say it amounts to a silencing of political activists. BREAKING:@Facebookhas shut down a major left wing group in Britain.Why is Facebook silencing political activists who speak out for#Palestineand#BlackLivesMatter? Read the press release here:https://t.co/4wJZMKFr9J#FacebookCensorship While the party said Facebook provided no rationale for the move, it noted that its page often posts“in support of Palestine, blacklivesmatter and against Boris Johnson’s Covid policies,”arguing it was“silenced for speaking out on these issues.” Hours after the SWP announced the inexplicable ban, itsaidthat Facebook had“backed down”and reinstated its national account, however“dozens of SWP activists and local branch pages”still remain suspended. A party representative told RT the company had still provided“no explanation”for the string of suspensions, even after its“partial climbdown.”Facebook did not immediately respond to RT’s request for comment about the decision. Friday’s ban, moreover, is not the first time the SWP encountered troubles on the platform. In December, some 45 party activists were purged from the site, though Facebook ultimately said those bans were“in error”and most of the accounts were revived, the SWP said. The socialist outfit is one among tens of thousands of profiles to be expunged from Facebook and its subsidiary Instagram in recent months, with the companysayingit scrapped more than 78,000 accounts between August 2020 and January 12, 2021 alone. Some 37,000 Facebook pages and groups were also deleted over the same period, part of the platform’s drive against what it calls“militarized social movements.”While much of those efforts have been focused right of center – targeting theQAnon conspiracy communityin particular – it has also gone after thousands of left-wing accounts, including those of Antifa and other socialist organizations. Former President Donald Trump, who left office on Wednesday with Joe Biden’s inauguration, was also slapped with a ban on Facebook earlier this month after his supporters staged a riot on Capitol Hill. The decision set off alarms among free speech advocates and civil libertarians, with famed national security whistleblower Edward Snowdenwarningit could be a“turning point in the battle for control over digital speech.” ",https://www.rt.com/uk/513407-facebook-ban-socialist-party/
"22 Jan, 2021",Biden’s executive order that prioritises transgender people is a DISASTER for ordinary women and girls across America,"Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have done more damage to women’s rights in one day than Donald Trump managed in four years with their misguided Executive Order on Gender Identity Discrimination. ByJoanna Williams, the founder of the think tank Cieo. She is the author of Women vs Feminism, Why We All Need Liberating From the Gender Wars and is a regular columnist for Spiked. Follow her on Twitter@jowilliams293 Back in January 2017, just one day after the inauguration of President Trump, millions of women in countries all around the world took to the streets to protest against the incoming administration. Although Trump had not yet passed a single piece of legislation, the pink pussy-hatmarcherswere adamant his regime would harm women’s rights. Fast forward to this weekend. The knitted hats will remain boxed up and the feminists will stay at home. With Joe Biden in the White House and – even better – Kamala Harris as the first elected black/South Asian woman vice president, the sisters no longer feel any need to protest. They got their wish. And yet, within hours of taking up the post, Biden has done more to set back women’s rights in the US than Trump did in his entire four years in office. One of his first acts was to sign anExecutive Orderon Preventing and Combating Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Sexual Orientation. The pink pussy-hat brigade purr at the order’s mention of“respect”and“dignity.”They swoon at talk of the right for all people to“be able to live without fear, no matter who they are or whom they love.”This is a far cry from Trump’s crude and offensive locker room remarks. But make no mistake. Combating discrimination on the basis of gender identity is disastrous for women and girls. Unlike sex, gender identity is a made-up concept. It’s the bizarre notion that regardless of the biological reality of our bodies, we all have a feeling, deep down inside, about whether we are really male or female. This feeling, the gender identity champions tell us, overrides our hormones, chromosomes, and genitalia. How we feel about our gender is more important than whether or not we have a beard, breasts, penis, or ovaries, when it comes to defining us as men or women. Anyone can now be a man or a woman, and the onus is on the world to accept us for who we say we are. The language of Biden’s executive order is warm and inclusive. It is hard to argue against statements like:“Children should be able to learn without worrying about whether they will be denied access to the restroom, the locker room, or school sports.”But when gender identity overrides sex, what’s being said here is that children should be able to use changing rooms and join sports teams depending upon whether they feel like a boy or a girl. For young children this is unlikely to make any difference whatsoever. But for adolescents it matters enormously. You don’t need to assume the worst of teenage boys to acknowledge that teenage girls might want privacy when using the toilets or getting dressed after sport. Puberty changes both male and female bodies. Boys become, on average, taller, heavier, stronger, and faster than girls. Biology never claimed to be fair. But what’s really unfair is to allow these stronger, faster boys to compete alongside and against girls on the running track and on the football pitch. Biden’s executive order might sound nice, but it signals the end of girls’ participation in sports. Sad day for women’s sports. Women must compete against biological males at the risk of injury and loss of title, thanks to a new Biden executive order. Don’t ever tell me this is “pro-woman.” It’s not. It’s destructive and malicious. When it comes to adults, outlawing discrimination on the basis of gender identity is just as dangerous. There are good reasons why prisons, domestic violence refuges, certain health services and even some beauty salons are exclusively for females. This is not to discriminate irrationally against transgender people but to protect women who, in these specific circumstances, are particularly vulnerable. Biden’s executive order opens the door for men to access women’s private spaces. It makes it more difficult for medical professionals to direct advice about cervical smear tests, contraception and abortion provision, or breast cancer checks, at the women they are intended to help. It puts low-paid women who offer intimate beauty services at risk. And it makes it far more difficult to measure accurately whether there are sex-based differences in rates of pay or access to employment. That the new president has moved so quickly to place the rights of transgender people above women should come as absolutely no surprise to anyone. Today it has been announced that visitors to the White Housewebsitewill be allowed to specify their pronouns. Kamala Harris and other progressives within the Democratic Party have long since taken to declaring their pronouns at every available opportunity. The obsession with pronouns shows that modern feminism is so caught up in virtue signalling inclusivity, it fails completely to defend women’s rights – which should surely be its primary objective. And, tragically, far too many campaigners were so single-minded in their desire to see the back of Trump, they turned a blind eye to the problems with Team Biden. We are now being bombarded with gushing news stories swooning over the new vice president’sfashion choicesand women, apparently, wearing pearls and Conversesneakersin honour of Queen Kamala. Meanwhile, stories of the girl who pulls out of the athletics team, or refuses to use the school toilets, or the woman who misses a medical appointment because she didn’t realise she was a ‘cervix-haver’, or the woman attacked while incarcerated, go untold. I did not join in with the women’s march against Trump four years ago. But with the Biden regime there is already something to protest against. Just forgive me if I don’t wear a pink pussy hat. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513336-bidens-executive-order-transgender/
"21 Jan, 2021","A UK police force is accused of lying about a black man’s death in a case as shocking as George Floyd’s. So, why are BLM silent?","The streets of Britain raged last summer as blacklivesmatter protested the death of George Floyd in America. Why the ambivalence, then, to the police’s alleged conduct in the strange case of Sheku Bayoh in Scotland? Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Outrage and fury were expected to follow the explosive revelations broadcast in Britain on Monday night. This column was deliberately delayed to allow the news to spread and await the inevitable backlash. But it hasn’t come. Allow me to fill you in. The BBC’s flagship investigation show ‘Panorama’ broadcastI Can’t Breathe: Black and Dead in Custodyon primetime TV at 7.35pm to their biggest audience, on BBC One. The documentary looked at two men who lost their lives following encounters with the police: Kevin Clarke in London, in 2018, and Sheku Bayoh in the small Scottish town of Kirkcaldy, in 2015. Their fate had long been known, but not the details. The key case was Bayoh, seen walking around after taking drugs and carrying a knife. Calls were made to police by members of the public, but when they arrived, he no longer had a knife. As officers tried to detain him with batons and CS spray, it was claimed he punched a female officer, then kicked and stamped viciously on her back. Colleagues thought PC Nicole Short was dead, so severe was the beating Bayoh gave her. He was finally wrestled to the ground, fell unconscious and was pronounced dead in hospital a short time later. Big-selling tabloid the Scottish Sunran a storyclaiming he had taken a legal high called flakka, which the newspaper said is believed to give the user “superhuman strength”. Another pieceit ranfeatured the headline:“A petite female police officer was punched, kicked and stamped on by a large man – Force union chiefs speak out”. Her fellow cops backed up this account to investigators. PC Craig Walker said,“I had a clear view of him … he had his arms raised up at right angles to his body and brought his right foot down in a full-force stamp on to her lower back.”And PC Ashley Tomlinson added,“I thought he had killed her. He stomped on her back again.” But according to Monday night’s broadcast, that isn’t what happened. ‘Panorama’ presented an eyewitness who had never spoken publicly about the case before. He had decided to make his voice heard due to the one-sided reporting. Kevin Nelson watched the incident happen over a garden hedge. Asked about the flurry of violence after Bayoh punched the female officer, he replied,“No. He was running off … after the punch, there was no more attack on her at all.” But what about the statements from the other officers about stamping and kicking? Nelson continued,“That never happened. I didn t see him stamping at all or, other than the punch, any raised arms. After the punch, that was it. There was no more attack on her at all. That’s not right.” Bayoh’s post-mortem revealed he had sustained 23 injuries, including a broken rib. But in 2018, the Crown Office in Scotland decided not to prosecute any of the officers involved. The really shocking thing is that investigators had heard from Nelson. He told them what he saw two days after Bayoh’s death, while the cops gave their accounts 32 days later. This revelation is hugely significant. The death of yet another black person in police custody is appalling enough. But now the officers have been accused of making false statements by a member of the public with no motivation other than to see justice done. So, where is the fury? Last summer, hundreds of thousands of people marched across Britain as part of the blacklivesmatter movement. Groups such asForever Familygot dressed up in paramilitary style clothing and held protests. Politicians were taking a knee and the term ‘white privilege’ became familiar to the entire country. Wh the silence now? BlackLivesMatterUK’s official Twitter account posted one message about the show:“BBC Panorama asks why [is] the Metropolitan Police three times more likely to use force on Black people in comparison to white people? Also looks at the death of Kevin Clarke, a man who died in Lewisham in police custody in 2018. This is why we organise.” It got 184 likes, while they have 79,500 followers. BBC Panorama asks why does the Metropolitan Police three times more likely to use force on Black people in comparison to white people? Also looks at the death of Kevin Clarke, a man who died in Lewisham in police custody in 2018.This is why we organisehttps://t.co/XKxtWQLGGF The fact that BLM failed to mention Bayoh suggests either they didn’t watch the show or simply ignored an incident that didn’t happen in London, where much of Britain’s black population lives. Even unintentionally, that indicates they place a greater degree of importance on a black London life. At least with George Floyd, the truth was shown to the world. So, why are details about the death of a married father-of-two in Scotland ignored? Part of the issue is the London-centric nature of the movement. The other is that the British BLM movement seems completely rudderless. What happened in the summer was a reaction to shocking scenes in the US. It almost felt as if some people simply wanted to copy what was happening on the other side of the Atlantic. Black people make up only3.3 percentof the population of England and Wales,1 percentin Scotland, and0.2 percentin Northern Ireland. But the black population in America is far larger, at13.4 percent. Britain’s BLM movement needs to plot its own course and not simply follow a social media hashtag campaign. One of the criticisms it faced last summer was that some believed the anger on display was forced. It’s hard to argue there isn’t some merit in that stance, when the shocking revelations around the circumstances of Bayoh’s death barely seem to trouble anyone. His family’s lawyer, Aamer Anwar, received a measly 12 retweets of his post“#ShekuBayoh died in police custody on the 3rd May 2015, his family fought for justice & now through a public inquiry fight for the truth – watch @BBCPanorama investigation.” #ShekuBayohdied in police custody on the 3rd May 2015, his family fought for justice & now through a public inquiry fight for the truth- watch@BBCPanoramainvestigation ‘#icantbreatheBlack & Dead in Custody’:https://t.co/DafLZxbrEWhttps://t.co/H8EI5DD3Te Those who march under the BLM UK banner and identify as the seekers of racial justice in Britain need to ask themselves what their inconsistent approach says about them, and what their true motivations are. Granted, I’m a white man. But then so is Kevin Nelson, and he seems to be the only one taking a stance over the shocking death of Sheku Bayoh. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513259-sheku-bayoh-blm-silence/
"21 Jan, 2021",‘Did Antifa blow through there?’ TIME cover depicts Biden first day in Oval Office ransacked by Trump,"TIME magazine made its view of Joe Biden’s presidency clear with a new front cover depicting the president’s “day one” in an Oval Office that’s been vandalized as he looks out at a country on fire. The image shows papers stacked and strewn about on the floor, a disconnected phone, and spray-paint vandalism across the room as Biden stoically looks out a window to see nothing but flames. On Twitter, the image also comes with the sound effect of the disconnected phone. Why the stoic Biden would not turn around and simply hang the phone up in case he gets a call is unclear. “Is the Oval Office in Seattle? Did BLM-ANTIFA blow through there?”author Derek Hunter tweeted in reaction to Thursday’s cover, referencing left-wing protests by Antifa and blacklivesmatter that have turned to violence and attacks on businesses. Is the Oval Office in Seattle? Did BLM-ANTIFA blow through there?https://t.co/PCHMPHXi4r “Good luck being United when the mainstream media acts like a bunch of toddlers,”journalist Trish Regan wrote. Others called the image out for flying in the face of Biden’s repeated calls for“unity”and showing a deep-seated bias in coverage, only one day into the Democrat’s term. I’m not pro trump nor pro biden but i feel this is exaggeration and bias. He took the job and people expect better than this 😞 Is this@TheOnion?https://t.co/4feal6Grs4 Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris have received glowing coverage from TIME before, with the two being named the magazine’s joint ‘Person of the Year’ in 2020. In their latest cover story, writer Charlotte Atler opines about Biden leading a“country divided between Americans who believe in facts and Americans who distrust them. Between those who want a multicultural Republic and those who seek to disenfranchise nonwhite votes.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/513256-joe-biden-time-cover/
"20 Jan, 2021",BoJo says ‘nothing wrong with being WOKE’ after being pressed on Joe Biden’s set of values,"In an unlikely admission from a man once dubbed the “British Trump,” Boris Johnson has admitted that he thinks there’s “nothing wrong with being woke,” before quickly describing himself as a man of tradition. In an interview following the inauguration of President Joe Biden in Washington, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson was asked whether he considered Biden“woke.”In the middle of a rambling and typically Johnsonian answer, the PM slipped in that he thought there is“nothing wrong with being woke.” Boris Johnson answers ... is Joe Biden woke?pic.twitter.com/RAOKWusEQO Johnson didn’t elaborate further on whether he considered the new US president“woke,”but hastily added that he himself certainly isn’t.“I would put myself in the category of people who believe that it’s important to stick up for your history, your traditions, and your values and things you believe in.” So Johnson won’t be spray painting warmemorialsor kneeling for ‘God Save the Queen’ any time soon. If the interview is anything to go by, he also won’t make any brash statements about the newly elected American president, a man whose favor is vital to Johnson following the UK’s departure from the EU. But is Biden woke? His political career beginning all the way back in the 1970s, Biden likely didn’t come across the term until his most recent run for office. During the primaries, progressive stalwart Bernie Sanders pandered to the Democratic party’s“woke”wing while Biden sought to recapture the center.“This phrase everybody’s been ‘woked’,”he mused during an ABC interview last Summer,“well, guess what? The rest of the working-class people in America have been awakened.” His policies, however, can certainly be interpreted as“woke”when it comes to virtue signalling. Biden has pledged to pass the Equality Act, which would add sexual identity to the Civil Rights Act’s list of“protected classes,”and has nominated a cabinet that ticks more diversity boxes than any of his predecessors.’ He’s pledged citizenship for illegal immigrants, peppered his inauguration speech with references to the blacklivesmatter movement, and spoke of his belief that there should be“zero discrimination”against children choosing to be transgender. Woke or not, Johnson congratulated Biden on his inauguration, saying on Wednesday:“when you look at the issues which unite me and Joe Biden, the UK and the US right now, there is a fantastic joint common agenda. For us and America, it is a big moment.” If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/uk/513148-boris-johnson-biden-woke/
"20 Jan, 2021",‘Next superspreader event?’ Americans fret over slipping masks & lack of social distancing at Biden inauguration,"Liberals spent last year bashing Donald Trump’s rallies as “superspreader” events, and potential coronavirus catastrophes. But some commenters spotted danger at Joe Biden’s muted inauguration ceremony. Joe Biden’s inauguration ceremony on Wednesday was a low-key affair. With the National Mall closed to crowds, ostensibly given the threat of Covid-19, and the Capitol sealed off from the public behind 25,000 troops and a security fence, only a select few officials, dignitaries, press and guests were present to see Biden take the oath of office. Masks were worn by all, but some keen-eyed observers soon spotted noses poking out, and guests mingling in close proximity to each other. Not much social distancing going on at the inauguration....hugs, kisses, handshakes .....it’s got covid superspreader written all over it !! 🦠 Whilst the inauguration fills me with joy, I am so stressed watching the lack of social distancing. I really hope there’s been a testing regime for the guests on that podium otherwise it’s a superspreader event. 😱 Former President Bill Clinton was among the more prominent nose-exposers. Famed for exposing more than his nose, commenters joked that they weren’t surprised old Bill would let it“hang out a little.” not even surprised bill clinton lets his nose hang out a little on that mask 😆😩#Inaugurationpic.twitter.com/O6SEoOJWlY Does it surprise me that Bill Clinton can t keep his nose in his mask? No. However, some die-hard Biden supporters, seemingly watching a different event, praised the non-existent social distancing on show. Not sure what you are seeing.. but i see no social distancing where all the former Presidents and staffs are. I m guessing they all tested negative before. While the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have consistently advised Americans to avoid crowds and stay six feet from one another since the pandemic broke out, the media and politicians have been more discriminatory in the gatherings they’ve labeled“super spreader”events. President Trump’s rallies were an obvious culprit, as were gatherings of his supporters – like the Sturgismotorcycle rallyin September. Yet ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ marches and riots, which spread across the entire country after the death of George Floyd in May, were given a pass. Some even claimed that the protests helped slow the spread of Covid-19. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/513142-biden-inauguration-social-distancing/
"20 Jan, 2021",Get ready for four years of vomit-inducing media fawning as our ‘brave’ journalists transform into PR agents for President Biden,"Joe Biden is a swamp creature to his core, but to mainstream pundits, his arrival in Washington is akin to the second coming of Christ. The sycophancy is pathetic, but it’ll soon get dangerous when Joe actually starts to govern. The return of a clapped-out career politician to the White House has the mainstream media squealing with delight. Their liberal bias hasn’t exactly been a secret these last four years (“fiery but mostly peaceful” blacklivesmatter protests vs. the“extremist insurrection”on Capitol Hill being the latest example), but their outpouring of emotion over Biden’s inauguration would make even a North Korean news anchor blush. This is so f*cking cringe even for CNN.""Those lights that are just shooting out from the Lincoln Memorial, along the reflecting pool, it’s almost like extensions of Joe Biden’s arms embracing America.”pic.twitter.com/WITMcEeDLO “Those lights that are just shooting out from the Lincoln Memorial, along the reflecting pool, it’s almost like extensions of Joe Biden’s arms embracing America,”CNN political director David Chalian gushed on Tuesday, describing a pre-inauguration Covid-19 remembrance ceremony attended by the incoming president. MSNBC commentator Eddie Glaude went a step further, comparing Biden to God himself. Quoting Psalm 147:3, Glaude declared that Biden“heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds.” After the COVID memorial, MSNBC Eddie Glaude compares Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to God as described by the Bible in Psalm 147:3 as ""He heals the brokenhearted And binds up their wounds.""pic.twitter.com/7EI2QpbQGh “Let the healing begin,”CNN’s Shimon Procupecztweeted, as Biden departed Delaware for Washington, adding“we have needed this.”New York Times editor Lauren Wolfe described feeling“chills”as old Joe touched down at Joint Base Andrews later that afternoon. Reporters who weren’t openly professing their devotion to Joe were busy holding the new administration to account with hard-hitting journalism: by probing Kamala Harris’ choice ofshoes, Joe Biden’s love ofice cream(tell us whichflavoryou got Joe!), and the new administration’s inaugurationparty playlist. We get it. It’s embarrassing as hell. But we get it. You spent four years howling at Trump, calling him every name under the sun and lurching from one jumped-up scandal to the next. Russia. Impeachment. Pussy-grabbing and travel bans. You’ve worked extra hard to hold Trump’s feet to the fire every single day, and you deserve a vacation. The last 4 plus years have been like living in a fever dream. I look forward to some calm and boring news. Biden’s cheerleaders can be forgiven their victory lap on inauguration day. But Biden will be in charge for four years. If the media can’t be bothered to hound him like they did Trump, his administration will have carte blanche to impose whatever agenda it wants, while the press returns to its Obama-era cooing and mooing. How many Americans think Barack Obama’s tenure was“scandal free”despite seven foreign wars, the crushing of whistleblowers,gun-runningand political spying? A significant number likely still do because the media was willinglyasleep at the wheelfor eight years. And that’s the optimistic take. An infinitely more dangerous –and equally realistic– prediction is that the media will become a PR shop for the national security state. Make no mistake about it, domestic repression is coming. The Capitol Hill riot has been milked for all its worth. Those who took part in what essentially was a goofy game of right-wing dress-up have been labeled“domestic terrorists”by Biden, with the mainstream media extending that description to Trump’s supporters as a whole. Trump’s 75 million voters have been described in the media as”white supremacists”and“cult members”who need to be“deprogrammed”and placed in“re-education camps,”while the MAGA movement itself has been painted as a cancer that needs to be“cleansed”from public life. Biden, the Democratic Party, the Bush-era ghouls still filling guest slots on anti-Trump TV networks, and now liberal journalists are all in agreement on the need for a domestic PATRIOT Act (although, surprisingly, The Squad’have objected to this). Reporter Glenn Greeenwald catalogued the calls for authoritarianism in a recentblog post, with some notable examples including the Daily Beast (already essentially a laundry for CIA press releases)demandinga new domestic spy agency to stop the“white terror,”and a former intelligence official suggesting Trump supporters begiventhe“Al Qaeda”treatment. With the aid of the press, the repression will be sold as a righteous crusade against the forces of racism, extremism, and white supremacy. However, with the benchmark for“extremism”set at“rowdy Trump supporters,”the state and its allies in Silicon Valley will simply criminalize dissent from the right and prevent the next Trump-style challenge to their power. They’re not actually looking for the nextTimothy McVeigh. They just want Americans to view their flag-flying, gun-owning, Trump-voting neighbors as potential McVeighs and treat them accordingly. And when the surveillance net falls on middle America, they’d much rather the public tune out, turn on the TV, and hear the latest update onjust how greatKamala Harris’ fashion sense is. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513126-biden-domestic-terror-media/
"20 Jan, 2021","As Joe Biden takes over, the Democrats are still running scared as resurgent Russophobia reaches peak insanity","‘The Russians did it’ has become the mantra of the Democrats for every perceived indiscretion, even as they take control of the White House again. This baseless nonsense is only likely to gain in momentum over the next four years. Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Once again, and despite major victories at the polls, the Democrats just can’t stop fretting over Russia. Indeed, the Russians must feel as if they’re trapped for all eternity in a remake ofGroundhog Day, where one theme continually repeats itself: Russia is to blame for absolutely everything that befalls the Democratic Party. In a radical departure from the original 1993 hit comedy, however, nobody ever learns any valuable lessons from the previous day so as to secure a better future. To quote a popular wit, ‘same shit, different day.’ Even before Joe Biden has been able to escape from his basement and into the Oval Office, the hysterical wails and lamentations against Moscow are already being heard. The latest ‘blame Russia’ barb came from none other than Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama’s former Secretary of State, who can’t shake the idea that she was denied the presidency because Donald Trump was apparently Vladimir Putin’s secret ‘Manchurian Candidate,’ or something like that. In her podcast, called ‘You and Me Both,’ ClintoninterviewedSpeaker of the House Nancy Pelosi about the ‘invasion’ of the Capitol building by Trump supporters on January 6. Without mentioning, of course, that the majority of Republican voters truly believe that the presidential election was stolen, Clinton tossed out yet more conspiracy-theorynonsenseinstead. Good evening. Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton are calling for a 9/11 Commission on conservatives to declare them agents of Russia. “I would love to see his phone records to see if he was talking to Putin the day the insurgents invaded our Capitol,” Clinton said, before asking Pelosi if she thought there needed to be a “9/11-type commission” to investigate what happened on January 6. Without pausing to consider the possible ramifications of dragging a nuclear-powered third party into a discussion over an ‘insurrection’ in Washington, DC, Pelosi happily ran with the insanity. “These people, unbeknownst to them, they are Putin puppets,” the Speaker crowed. “They were doing Putin’s business when they did that[stormed the Capitol], at the incitement of an insurrection by the president of the United States. So, yes, we should have a 9/11 commission, and there is strong support in the Congress to do that.” It is almost impossible to wrap one’s brain around such psycho-babble. More difficult to comprehend is how so many Americans actually believe it. Somehow the thought never penetrates their soft skulls that, just maybe, after four years of being completely mocked and ridiculed by the mainstream media, and brazenly censored by Big Tech, Trump’s 75 million supporters finally reached the end of their patience. That’s not an apology or justification for what transpired on January 6, of course, but rather a much more plausible explanation than the ridiculous ‘Putin did it’ narrative. In any case, there appears to be good reason why Clinton and Pelosi are so desperate to rekindle the legend of the Russian bogeyman. That’s because these two women share a common trait, which is their tendency to do very stupid things with their personal computers. To briefly rehash ancient history, back in early 2015, it wasdiscoveredthat then Secretary of State Clinton had been using her private home computer to transmit sensitive government documents, a federal offense. This marked the beginning of the anti-Russiagate juggernaut that has wrecked bilateral relations between Washington and Moscow. As the question of Clinton’s emails – specifically the 31,000 that were said to have been deleted – took center stage in the 2016 presidential race, Donald Trumpquippedduring a rally: “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.” As Trump went on to learn the hard way, never make a Democrat the butt end of a joke when they’re cornered. Not only did the Democrats use that offhand remark to say that Russia had hacked Clinton’s email server, but they took the absurdity one level higher, spreading the dangerous conspiracy theory that Russia had colluded with Trump to defeat Clinton in the quest for the White House. As a result, Trump spent the bulk of his four years in office defending himself from the fanatical Russiagate inquisition. Meanwhile, Nancy Pelosi, whose laptop went missing from her office during the Boomer Selfie Tour 2021, which the Democrats are at pains to label an ‘insurrection,’ finds herself in a similarly uncomfortable situation. According to retired Lieutenant General Thomas McInerney, Pelosi, and her fellow Democrats were “terrified” about what might be discovered on the missing laptop. So frantic, in fact, that, according to McInerney in the aftermath of the Capitol incident, “Pelosi called the Chairman of the Chiefs General Mark Milley and they’re trying to get him[Donald Trump]out on the 25th Amendment or to impeach him.” Whatever the real reason for the Democrats pushing for yet another impeachment, it does seem very strange that they would waste the time and energy to punish Trump yet again unless they were motivated by pure fear. In any case, as fate would have it, it has been reported that Pelosi’s laptop has been found. The suspect has been identified as Riley June Williams, 22, a native of Pennsylvania, who has since been arrested. For those who may be thinking, ‘Wow! No sign of Russian intrigue,’ you would be advised to control your premature ejaculations. According to the FBIaffidavit, a ‘former romantic partner’ of Williams said the woman devised a plan to ship the laptop to a friend in Russia, who then planned to turn it over to the SVR – Russian intelligence. UPDATE: Riley Williams is still not in federal custody at this time, a senior law enforcement official tells NBC Mike Kosnar.https://t.co/4fxSEe9nJd Does that story sound even remotely plausible? If the woman was truly a Trump supporter, wouldn’t the obvious course of action be to simply turn over the device to the nearest Republican representative office? Why this incessant need to drag Russia into yet another American political scandal? The reason, by now, is obvious. In the event that something truly disturbing from Pelosi’s laptop is revealed, the Democrats will pounce on the ‘Russia did it’ narrative. Then, instead of the media focusing on the real story – whatever may or may not be found on the laptop – the media will provide cover fire for the opening of yet another anti-Russia witch hunt. Any future ‘Russiagate 2.0’ scenario, however, may have one major difference from the original. Following the ‘insurrection’ at the Capitol building, Democrats are itching to introduce ‘domestic terrorism prevention’legislation, which will, if passed, have a chilling effect on the most basic freedoms, including the ability to gather in protest without being labeled ‘domestic terrorists.’ The already drafted Domestic Terrorism PreventionActopens with the following statement, which shows clearly who will be mostly targeted by such legislation (hint: not left-wing agitators, such as Antifa and blacklivesmatter ): “Recent reports have demonstrated that White supremacists and other far-right-wing extremists are the most significant domestic terrorism threat facing the United States…” Although Russia, surprisingly, is not mentioned in the legislation, it does not take much imagination to foresee a day when some right-wing supporter, much like Riley June Williams, will find himself or herself embroiled in a high-profile criminal case involving the Democrats that has extremely dubious connections to Russia. Suddenly, an act of ‘domestic terrorism’ will magically morph into a ‘state-sponsored’ – i.e. Russia – act of terrorism. Tragically, what started off as an innocent joke by Donald Trump about Russia and Clinton’s emails has snowballed into the most dangerous scenario for average Americans: being pulled into a grand conspiracy theory that imagines a Russian hand behind everything the Democrats view as a ‘crime’. In a rapidly approaching future, average Americans, portrayed as ‘extremist,’ as well as distant Russia will become the new ‘usual suspects,’ albeit with a possible ‘terrorist’ charge to boot. This descent into sheer madness must end before it reaches peak insanity. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513096-biden-democrats-scared-russophobia/
"20 Jan, 2021","Biden or Bush? Democrats and neocons clamor to bring the ‘war on terror’ home, targeting Trump supporters as ‘domestic terrorists’","Just like that, the Democrats became the party of George W. Bush. You’re either with them, or with Trump supporters who need to be treated just like Al-Qaeda, the media and political paladins of Our Democracy are now declaring. is a Serbian-American journalist, blogger and translator, who wrote a regular column for Antiwar.com from 2000 to 2015, and is now senior writer at RT. Follow him on Telegram@TheNebulatorand on Twitter@NebojsaMalic is a Serbian-American journalist, blogger and translator, who wrote a regular column for Antiwar.com from 2000 to 2015, and is now senior writer at RT. Follow him on Telegram@TheNebulatorand on Twitter@NebojsaMalic “The pro-Trump fanatics stormed and trashed the citadel of American democracy, nearly executing what al-Qaeda had failed to do: destroy the US Capitol,”Jeff Stein of theDaily Beastargued on Monday, gushing over a Democrat proposal to empower law enforcement to“prevent violent acts of domestic terrorism.” Wait, you might say. Al-Qaeda was accused of killing nearly 3,000 Americans at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. How can five deaths that happened during the Capitol unrest compare? Silence, bigot! What are you, a terrorist? Other countries have domestic spy agencies to fight extremists at home. Does America need one, too?https://t.co/kwhCqRWyI3 Why yes, you are, according to the same Democrats who spent 2020 endorsing the blacklivesmatter chants of“ACAB”and“defund the police,”and now want to empower the police to go after 74-plus million Trump as“white terrorists”who are basically the same as Osama Bin Laden. Biden: Let unify! Also, some GOP senators are like Nazis.AOC: We need funding to reprogram all of them!McChrystal: They re like al-Qaeda!Sue Gordon: We need a commission!Jeremy Bash: the FBI is gonna have to go after them!Hillary Clinton: Russia! Russia! Russia! In the same breath as he called for“unity”and“healing,”Joe Biden denounced his opposition as“domestic terrorists”and Nazis. Even before he gets sworn in, his party is using the Capitol unrest to criminalize political dissent in America. Almost every single mainstream outlet is rushing to interview“national security experts”and“extremism researchers,”who are selling the line that a new War on Terror is needed, right here at home, with fellow Americans as the enemy – and them in charge, obviously. Former intelligence official on PBS NewsHour tonight saying that the US should think about a ""9/11 Commission"" for domestic extremism and consider applying some of the lessons from the fight against Al Qaeda here at home. Joining the Democrats in this crusade are the neocons, from the NeverTrump shriekers Max Boot, Bill Kristol and David Frum – architects and instigators of the original WoT and the Iraq invasion launched under its pretext – to Bush alumni who worked on the inside to sabotage Trump’s agenda until they decided denouncing him would profit them more. One of them is Elizabeth Neumann, a Bush alum embedded in Trump’s Homeland Security department until she resigned in a huff last May, who denounced her former boss inTIMEmagazine as near enough the equivalent of OBL. If you thought social media bans, no-fly lists, denials of service by banks and hotels, and mass layoffs were bad, wait till you hear former FBI agent Ali Soufan. Interviewed in the same TIME article, he gushed about the drone strike President Barack Obama ordered against Anwar al-Awlaki in 2011, saying he had it coming because he was“instigating”terrorism. Al-Awlaki also happened to be an American citizen and, therefore, ostensibly entitled to due process, but his extrajudicial execution was conducted with absolute impunity. Stanley McChrystal, who pushed Obama into the Afghan surge that killed over 1,000 soldiers, says the problem in our society is white males reacting to lost privilege, compares Trump supporters to the Klan. Not the line he took when he was selling his war.pic.twitter.com/CJ9NnMaQfZ Some veterans of the“war on terror”are all too eager to see it happen domestically. General Stanley McChrystal, who oversaw the deaths of more than 1,000 US troops in Afghanistan during the“surge”there, now says the problem with America is white men angry about losing their“privileged position,”and claims Trump supporters are the KKK. Who could’ve guessed thatIlhan Omar(D-Minnesota) had won the war for the hearts and minds of the US military? Then again, McChrystal has already been waging war on Americans, albeit of the psychological kind. Back in May 2020, the Washington Postreportedthat he was advising a Democrat group called Defeat Disinfo, which was“planning to deploy technology originally developed to counter Islamic State propaganda in service of a domestic political goal,”namely, the election of Joe Biden. The mainstream media saw nothing wrong with this, just as they cheer the calls to outlaw half of America now. WaPo 2016: ""Democracy dies in darkness""WaPo 2020: ""Actually darkness is good""pic.twitter.com/OaI144vubw Not that the mainstream media will remind you, but the original War on Terror resulted in mass warrantless spying on Americans – eventually exposed by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden – and war crimes in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan, exposed by Julian Assange and WikiLeaks. It also led to the massive expansion of administrative searches and seizures – from airports onward – and encroachment on civil liberties. These were all denounced as a bad thing. All of that pales in comparison to what has already been done by private companies in the name of“resisting”Trump, and what the incoming government is preparing to do, with zero pushback from civil libertarians such as the American Civil Liberties Union, which is now fully onboard. Well, not exactly zero. The one objection came from a somewhat unexpected quarter: the“Squad”of progressive members of Congress, who wrote aletteropposing any expansion of domestic national security and surveillance powers. The existing laws, powers and regulations are quite enough to go after“white nationalist and QAnon groups,”they argued, since“increasing the reach and power of our national security apparatus now would only serve to further the oppression of Black, brown, Indigenous, people of color, and leftist groups.”The What is just fine, it’s the Who/Whom that’s the problem, you see. With the notable exception of the Squad’s virtue-signaling – that is unlikely to accomplish much to shift the Democrats leftward – the very same people who once compared George W. Bush to Hitler are now rehabilitating his acolytes and policies, and echo his September 2001 message that“either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.” The pinnacle of irony is that in the very same speech, delivered before Congress, Bush said the  terrorists attacked America because“they hate our freedoms”– specifically citing“our freedom of speech, our freedom to vote and assemble and disagree with each other.” With those freedoms now effectively abolished in the name of protecting Our Democracy, does that mean the terrorists have no reason to hate America? That’s one way to win the ‘war on terror’ – just in time to start another, at home. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/513073-biden-bush-democrats-domestic-terrorists/
"19 Jan, 2021",‘One Night in Miami’ isn’t a commentary on current racial strife… instead it illustrates how far America has actually come on race,"After the BLM protests of last summer, Amazon’s new movie has been eagerly anticipated. But it unintentionally diminishes the manufactured racial moral panic of today by highlighting the giants of the civil rights struggle. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo The new Amazon film,‘One Night in Miami’, is generating critical adoration for its powerful performances and for its supposedly timely social commentary on race and racism in America. The movie, written by Kemp Powers and directed by Regina King, tells the story of a fictionalized meeting between Malcolm X, Cassius Clay, Sam Cooke and Jim Brown in a Miami hotel room in 1964, immediately following Clay’s victory over Sonny Liston to become the heavyweight champion of the world. The movie is adapted from the play of the same name and features a series of long conversations and monologues about“the struggle”for civil rights and how“black people are dying in the streets”and“you must choose a side.” Unsurprisingly, critics are calling it“timely”and sayingit“shines a light on present-day America”because of the blacklivesmatter (BLM) protests last summer. These are culturally cheap, socially easy and intellectually shallow lessons to glean from‘One Night in Miami’. The movie strikes me not as an opportunity to highlight how much racism allegedly still exists in America today, but instead as a testament to the staggering amount of progress made in the last 57 years. The civil rights movement of the 20th century dramatized in‘One Night in Miami’was one of the most extraordinarily successful endeavors in American history. From 1964 to 2008, black people went from being second-class citizens protesting for voting rights to successfully voting for a black man for president. That black man, Barack Obama, won both of his presidential elections resoundingly. The Civil Rights Act became law in 1964, and although it certainly didn’t happen overnight, over the course of the last 57 years, anti-black discrimination has receded in America to the point where it is now deemed legally, morally and socially repugnant. Case in point is an early scene in the movie where Jim Brown visits a family friend, an older white man played by Beau Bridges, in his hometown in Georgia in 1964. After some lemonade and congratulatory conversation on the front porch, Brown offers to help the man move a piece of furniture inside the house. The man declines, telling Brown without a hint of shame that they“don’t let n*****s”into their home. That scene is so shocking and jarring because it is inconceivable in modern day America. Cassius Clay, who shortly after the events dramatized in the movie becomes Muhammad Ali, is a perfect example of the massive change in American perspective from 1964 onward. In 1964, Clay/Ali was reviled by most Americans for being a loudmouth, malcontent and Muslim. By 1974, he was celebrated as an iconic hero for his courageous victory over George Foreman in the Rumble in the Jungle. By 1996, he was a living legend and avatar for the very best of America as he carried the torch for the US at the summer Olympics in Atlanta. Objectively, by nearly every measure, discrimination in the US has been so reduced as to be nearly non-existent. Subjectively though, the ghosts of oppression still haunt black minds and guilt still infects white minds. This transforms the fight against racism from an external struggle against discrimination to an internal one against perceived prejudice (which still exists among all races) and that is a much more complex, complicated and confounding battle to wage. The chains of slavery are long gone, as are the legal discriminations of the Jim Crow era – and yet, the need to project the subjective issue of prejudice into a struggle against the phantom of an external“systemic racism”and“white supremacy”in order to identify as both a noble victim and brave resistor is extremely powerful and intoxicating. There is a certain sense of cos-playing in the current“anti-racist”movement. It is an existential yearning for purpose and meaning by trying to emulate the greats of the civil rights movement who succeeded in changing the country. Every woke poseur, be they white or black, thinks they’re John Brown, Malcolm X and Huey P. Newton all rolled into one. They aren’t, they’re puffed up toddlers ranting and railing against the imaginary monsters hiding under their bed. The subjective, self-serving yet self-defeating woke hyper-racialization of recent years has turned demands for equal treatment into cries for special treatment, and has transformed Martin Luther King’s dream of judging people by the content of their character into racism, and judging people by the color of their skin into enlightenment. This immoral madness puts us on a downward trajectory that only leads to calamity in the form of a catastrophic conflagration. As for‘One Night in Miami’, I recommend it as it is a flawed but captivating film that boasts two Oscar-level performances from Kingsley Ben-Adir as Malcolm X and Leslie Odom Jr. as Sam Cooke. Near the end of the movie, there’s a scene where Cooke sings his civil rights anthem,‘A Change is Gonna Come’on the Tonight Show. The song’s soulful chorus is,“it’s been a long, long time coming, but I know, a change gonna come.” Thanks to men like Malcolm X, Muhammad Ali, Jim Brown and Sam Cooke and countless courageous others, change has come, and‘One Night in Miami’is an excellent opportunity to acknowledge it. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512847-one-night-miami-amazon/
"18 Jan, 2021","The documentary, MLK/FBI, is just slick propaganda that reveals nothing new about the bureau’s harassment of Martin Luther King","The new film, released just before Martin Luther King Jr. Day and available from various video-on-demand sites, poses as an important piece of work, but avoids the big questions in favor of placating the establishment. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo I’ve heard it said that Americans are the most propagandized people on the planet. I think that statement is quite accurate. What makes the propaganda fed to Americans so insidious is that it’s so subtle that audiences, even the supposedly intellectual ones, are blissfully unaware of their indoctrination and conditioning. A perfect example of this isMLK/FBI, the new documentary directed by Sam Pollard that premiered in theaters and video-on-demand on January 15, which chronicles the FBI’s wiretapping and harassment of civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr. A documentary dealing with intelligence community nefariousness and MLK, the greatest American strategist and tactician of the 20th century, has my attention. Unfortunately, after watchingMLK/FBI, I was left frustrated and infuriated because it was so obviously a docile and deferential piece of establishment-friendly propaganda meant to distract and deceive viewers. This movie is 104 minutes of flaccid history and impotent insights disguised as setting the record straight with revolutionary revelations. But there is no new information presented in the film and no new perspectives on the information already known. The most interesting statement in the movie comes in the final ten minutes and is from MLK aide Andrew Young, who would go on to become a congressman, the US Ambassador to the UN, and the Mayor of Atlanta. Young says in regards to James Earl Ray, the man convicted of the assassination of MLK, “I don’t think James Earl Ray had anything to do with that, Dr. King’s assassination, so I can’t really comment on that.” This should be where the movie starts, not where it ends. What makes the FBI’s harassment of MLK noteworthy is that they were gathering salacious information on his private life in an attempt to assassinate his character and thus derail his morally authoritative movement. The FBI actively tried to get members of the press to publish stories of King’s infidelity but none took the bait, and so the agency was left with lots of ammunition but no one willing to fire it. It was when King expanded his civil rights work and, in 1968, began the Poor People’s Campaign, which set out to bring poor people of all colors together to fight for economic justice and against American militarism, that the FBI ratcheted up its anti-King work, and this is where the infamous “rape participation”allegationfirst is documented by the FBI. The claim, that King watched and laughed as another pastor raped a woman, is dubious and is not thoroughly fleshed out in the film, but it reveals that the FBI understood the greater threat King now posed to the ruling order with the Poor People’s Campaign, and that it was willing to push the envelope to stop him. Other civil rights groups and leaders faced similar escalation when they dared to cross color lines and work on behalf of all people instead of just black people. It wasn’t until Malcolm X left the Nation of Islam and evolved into a more racially inclusive yet no less revolutionary figure, that he got assassinated under shadowy circumstances. The Black Panthers’ free breakfast program, open to children of all races, was deemed by FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to be “the greatest internal threat to the United States.” The Black Panthers were quickly infiltrated and some, including Fred Hampton, were assassinated. And so it was with King’s Poor People’s Campaign, which triggered the FBI to “up its game.” Coincidentally, just a few weeks later he was assassinated in Memphis. MLK/FBIis much too “respectable” to investigate or challenge Andrew Young’s claim regarding Ray’s innocence in the assassination of King, even though Ray himself claimed he was not guilty, the King family believes he is innocent and a civil court ruled he was not the assassin. It’s this desperation for respectability at the expense of truth that makes the film establishment propaganda. The other tell-tale sign it’s propaganda is that the film acts like FBI and intel community deviousness and depravity are some remote experience from a dark, distant past instead of a pressing issue of our time. This allows liberals, especially ones likeBill MaherandJohn Oliverwho pose as anti-establishmentarians, to continue to fawn over and fellate the “heroes” of the intel community under the guise that malicious misdeeds only occurred in the past. The FBI’s invasive surveillance of King pales in comparison to what the intel community is capable of now. What the FBI did to King the intel community is now able to do to everyone, since we all carry cell phones, mini eavesdropping devices that track our every movement, contact and conversation. The film’s flaccidity also allows liberals to continue to giddily cheer the intel community’s crackdown on nationalists, militias andJulian Assange, just as conservatives once cheered Hoover’s targeting of King, civil rights and anti-war groups, and communists. It also surreptitiously endorses the blacklivesmatter movement and allows woke advocates to deceive t$hemselves into thinking they’re morally equivalent to Dr. King. BLM is no Poor People’s Campaign meant to threaten the establishment order. It’s a contrived and manipulative movement meant to uphold the status quo, not disrupt it, which is why it been swiftly embraced by Washington, the media and corporate America. In conclusion, by being a documentary that talks an awful lot but never really has anything useful to say,MLK/FBIis a deceptive piece of establishment propaganda not worthy of your time. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512850-mlk-fbi-documentary-propaganda/
"17 Jan, 2021","Harvard students & alumni petition university to REVOKE DEGREES of Ted Cruz, other grads who supported Trump’s election claims","Not content to demand that political enemies be disbarred and banned from campus, Harvard University students are petitioning for the degrees of Senator Ted Cruz and others who challenged the 2020 election results to be revoked. A petition has begun circulating to demand that the university nullify the degrees of such graduates as Cruz (R-Texas), US Representative Dan Crenshaw (R-Texas) and White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany. Thepetitionersargued that by supporting President Donald Trump allegations that Democrat Joe Biden election victory was fraudulent, the Harvard graduates helped create a“white-supremacist uprising”at the US Capitol. Cruz, a 1997 Harvard Law School graduate, spearheaded an effort in the Senate to force an investigation of alleged fraud in the 2020 election. Both Cruz and Crenshaw demanded an end to the violence during the January 6 Capitol riot. While Crenshaw supported an amicus brief asking the US Supreme Court to hear a lawsuit seeking to overturn Biden win, he also congratulated the president-elect after electoral college ballots were cast on December 14 – andblasted Trumpand other GOP members for leading protesters to believe that Congress could overturn the election outcome. As White House press secretary, McEnany spoke for Trump in alleging that Biden victory was driven by hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes in swing states. “Harvard values democracy, equality and the rule of law,”the petitioners said.“Does it value them enough to hold its own alumni accountable for the most flagrant attack on these principles in recent history?”The group repeatedly attributed the election-fraud protest to skin color,asking,“Is Harvard University prepared to take a stand for representative democracy and against violentwhite supremacy?” The campaign to revoke degrees follows a petition earlier this month – led by Yale and Harvard students and alumni – calling for Cruz and Yale alumnus Josh Hawley (R-Missouri) to bedisbarredfrom practicing law because of their election challenges. Civil rights lawyer Valarie Kaur said she supported the petition, even as Biden calls for unifying the politically polarized country, because there can be“no healing without accountability.” No healing without accountability. Our petition of Yale/Harvard alum calling for Hawley & Cruz to be disbarred for “leading the efforts to undermine the peaceful transition of power after a free and fair election"" & attacking the foundation of democracy:https://t.co/X8iwn68o3D Separately, Harvard professor Ryan Enos called on the university president, Lawrence Bacow, toblockthose who“encourage the violent overthrow of our own government”from being affiliated with the school. Students also demanded that the political pariahs be banned from speaking engagements at Harvard and from serving as Harvard Institute of Politics fellows. The university removed US Representative Elise Stefanik (R-New York), who supported allegations of election fraud, from the Institute of Politics. The latest petitioners acknowledged those moves but demanded more. Merely banning someone from campus“still grants them the benefits of their Harvard degree everywhere outside of Cambridge.” Supporters of the petition have pointed to a precedent for their demands – Harvard 2010 revocation of alleged Russian spy Andrey Berzukov degree. That argument equates making allegations of election fraud to obtaining a degree under a false identity and acting as an unregistered agent of a foreign government. The petitioners said their demands aren t partisan because“the acceptability of violence in politics should not be up for debate at Harvard.”There were no such petitions at Harvard over thegraduateswho may have had some role in inciting or carrying out the political violence seen in blacklivesmatter and Antifa riots across the US last summer. To the contrary, the university and its students and alumni embraced the BLM movement. While the petitioners contended that“a Harvard degree is a privilege, not a right,”former Harvard Medical School Dean Jeffrey Flier said it neither a privilege nor a right.“It is a fact,”he said.“Heap well deserved scorn on Cruz et al, but the petition to revoke their degrees is absurd and puerile and should be embarrassing to signatories when they grow up.” A Harvard degree is neither a privilege nor a right. It is a fact. Heap well deserved scorn on Cruz et al, but the petition to revoke their degrees is absurd and puerile, and should be embarrassing to signatories when they grow up.https://t.co/9qLJGmtFss Other observers said they were alarmed that the petition was signed not only by young students, but also by mid-career professionals.“The un-personing purges in the West will continue until all bend the knee,”one commenter said.“To your point, this must come with a heaping helping of cognitive dissonance.” The unPersoning purges in the West will continue until all bend the knee.To your point, this must necessarily come with a heaping helping of cognitive dissonance. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512818-harvard-petition-revoke-degrees/
"17 Jan, 2021",Parents fume as BLM campaigners subvert America’s top high schools in the name of diversity & get ‘racist’ entrance exams scrapped,"It’s not just white students in the firing line, but high performing Asian-American children, too; is it a bold move in the name of racial fairness or just an anti-intellectual assault from the ideology of critical race theory? Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Few expected George Floyd’s killing to lead to a feud over ‘Asian privilege’. But that is the storm that has been waging at America’s top performing public school, Thomas Jefferson High School in Virginia. The school, often referred to as TJ, offers a college preparatory program emphasizing the sciences, mathematics, and technology to children aged 14 to 18. It is ranked as the No.1high schoolin the nation, and due to its status, earning a place there is competitive. Until recently, it used an admissions test to choose pupils. But that’s now been dropped under pressure from campaigners such as the blacklivesmatter movement, who complain that entrance exams discriminate against African-American children and those from poorer backgrounds. TJ now intends toimprovethe diversity of its intake by looking at“experience factors,”which include economically disadvantaged students, English language learners, special education students, or students currently attending under-represented middle schools. Some have even pushed for admission to be decided through random lotteries. The decision has invoked fury on both sides, with parents and campaignersclashingindemonstrationsoutside the school. The storm erupted when the ethnic makeup of the latest intake – the class of 2024 – was revealed. It showed that of the successful 486 children – from 2,539 applicants – fewer than 10 were black. (The school hasn’t confirmed publicly what the exact number is, but RT has discovered it is actually just six.) The children’s ethnicity was: Asian 355 (73 percent), white 86 (17.7 percent), Hispanic 16 (3.3 percent) and multiracial/other, 29 (six percent). To some this would be a pleasing picture, showing minorities being granted entry to the country’s top school and an absence of white dominance. But for others, including BLM supporters, it’s evidence of the socio-economic advantage of white and Asian children. They say rich white and Asian parents prepare their children to get into TJ by enrolling them in unofficial feeder schools, and pay for special tutoring and materials that prepare them for the entrance exam. The school has a reputation for turning out successful students – its alumni is a Who’s Who of academics, scientists, entrepreneurs, and military officers, as well as musical artists such as Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters. Virginia has beendubbed“the state for crazy rich Asians,”and research shows Asian households there have a median income of $101,515, while for black families it’s $49,562. The state average is $71,535. Glenn Miller, whose child is a junior (grade 11) at TJ’s, feels dropping the entrance exam is a mistake, and will lead to a drop in standards and outcomes. Speaking to RT.com this week, he explained:“The goals of society should be equality of opportunity, not equality of outcome. “There is concern that an anti-intellectual strain has infiltrated the ideology of critical race theory and that groups that have historically performed well academically are its targets. “In the larger historical context, we regard what is going on with TJ as emblematic of the struggle between merit and those counterforces whose calls for equity and equality, when left unchecked, can lead to anti-intellectualism.” Miller and other parents have filed a legalchallengeto the school’s decision. He also has concerns that mistakes of the past are being repeated, with reference to how Jews used to be discriminated against:“The statistical evidence we have compiled suggests that a number of the approaches being suggested as alternatives to standardized tests, most particularly random lotteries, benefit Caucasians more than any other group. “But it is certainly not unprecedented for an admissions program to target the academic success of a particular racial group. For example, certain colleges used to cap the number of Jewish students for fear that their numbers would dominate the class. “We believe that it is important for society that its educational systems be able to identify and nurture its very finest students because those students will ultimately be the future great scientists, financiers, and political leaders. A society that chooses its scientists and leaders based on random chance is bound to decline.” Dr. Harry Jackson, whose son is one of the few African-Americans at TJ’s, is similarly against the removal of the entrance exam. He told RT.com:“The removal of a race-blind [exam] discriminates not only against Asians, but against all students that can display an aptitude for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics). “The admissions officials at TJ intend to racially norm the school, weighing one race above another, in addition to weighing one’s socioeconomic status over another.” Jackson also has an issue with the school’s non-profit charitablefoundationTJ Partnership, which receives donations from the private sector and individuals:“Under the guise of equity, the effort to remove the test, a submission to the soft-bigotry of low expectations that assumes that Blacks and Hispanics cannot pass the test, is really a target hit on the Asian community to obfuscate the fraud, waste, and abuse of the funds collected by the TJ Partnership Fund.” Thomas Jefferson declined to comment directly to RT, but Lucy Caldwell, the head of news & information at Fairfax County Public Schools, said the old admission process needed improving.“The previous process placed an over reliance on the admissions test,”she said.“The test scores reflect the socioeconomic background of the test-takers far more than the students’ academic potential.” The issue that is dividing TJ is being mirrored across America, as racial and social justice campaigners turn their sights on the nation’s leading schools, and particularly on those where Asian-American children perform well. Three elite public schools in Boston have alsoremovedtheir entrance exams. Again, Asian children areoverrepresented– they make up only 9.1 percent of the school district’s pupils, but much larger percentages at Boston Latin School (29.3 percent), Boston Latin Academy (18.8 percent), and the John D. O’Bryant School of Mathematics and Sciences (20.2 percent). No other ethnic group outperforms its numbers like that, but African-American children are well represented at Boston Latin Academy (21.4 percent) and O’Bryant (32.3 percent) against being 29.3 percent of the district’s student body, while making up only 7.7 percent at Boston Latin School. A major difference compared to Virginia is that Asian American households in Boston aren’t high earners. According toresearchby the Boston Public Health Commission, the breakdown is: Overall median $58,263, Asian $33,185, black $41,465, Latino $30,687, white $86,194. Reports suggest that many Asianparentsof the children at the three elite schools work in nail salons, restaurants, and hotels. One parent, Sum Tan, said the Asian community felt that academic performance was a path to a secure and better life:“Admission by zip code is a form of segregation, not unity. It will push us backward, not forward.” Sharra A. Gaston, a spokesperson for Boston Public Schools, told RT.com:“The impetus of these process changes were due to the pandemic, rising coronavirus rates, and in response to Covid-19 regulations. The pandemic has only exacerbated inequities in our community, particularly for marginalized populations within the City of Boston (including economically disadvantaged, Black, Latinx, English learners).” In New York, Mayor Bill de Blasio has vowed to enroll more black and Hispanic kids in their elite schools, which was also seen as an veiled attack on Asian children, who make up around60 percentof the students at the city’s most prestigious high schools. State assemblyman Ron Kim commented that the“narrative is that it seems to, at best, deny that Asian Americans are people of color too.” The same debate is also happening on the West Coast, as San Francisco’s Lowell High School hascancelled2021 entrance exams. It’s another ‘magnet’ school and regarded as the most sought-after high school in the city, and will now be using a raffle system. Following a similar pattern, 59 percent of their student body is Asian and thechangeswill affect them most. The idea of removing entrance exams is viewed as a left-wing policy and expectations are that it will proliferate under the leadership of Joe Biden’s Democratic administration. How far that goes is yet to be seen, and once Covid-19 is brought under control, there may be pressure to bring back exams. Wenyuan Wu, the executive director of Californians for Equal Rights, feels a failure to reintroduce entrance exams would do serious damage. She told RT.com:“It is a race to the bottom, a politically expedient bandage to masquerade decades of policy failures to improve educational performance in too many underserved communities. “Removing standardized testing in schools such as the Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology as well as New York City’s specialized high schools is an obvious assault on the merit-based principle, the bedrock principle of educational excellence in these schools and in America in general. “Phasing out or doing entirely away with empirically proven academic selection will have a disproportionate impact on students of Asian descent as they are balanced out of these schools to help boost artificial levels of optic diversity and proportionality. “In the meantime, no meaningful attempts or reforms are being done to reduce the persistent achievement gap. “A better alternative to promote best practices and encourage our students, regardless of their immutable differences, is to strive for academic excellence.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512647-blm-subvert-high-schools/
"17 Jan, 2021","Despair, depression, and the inevitable rise of Trump 2.0: Glenn Greenwald tells RT his Biden administration predictions","America, Joe Biden says, “is back.” Beyond the sloganeering, journalist Glenn Greenwald reckons that means “militarism, imperialism, and corporatism,” he told RT’s Chris Hedges. Glenn Greenwald is a lawyer who turned to journalism in 2005to protestthe suppression of Americans’ civil liberties under the Bush-Cheney ‘war on terror’. Greenwald came to international fame by breaking the Edward Snowden NSA whistleblower story in 2013. He later co-founded the Intercept, but quit the outlet in October after saying editors there suppressed his coverage of Democrat presidential candidate Joe Biden. “I don’t think it’s particularly difficult... to know what to expect from the Biden administration,”the acclaimed American journalist told Chris Hedges, host of RT’s On Contact, on Sunday. Biden, Greenwald continued, has enjoyed a five-decade career in Washington and made his policy priorities well known over these years. Biden is“somebody who has repeatedly supported militarism and imperialism”and“one of the crucial leading advocates of the invasion of Iraq,”he said. On the domestic front, Biden is“a loyal servant of the credit card and banking industry”and the“architect of the 1994 crime bill,”the latter of which has been blamed for dramatically upping the incarceration rate of black men in the US. That leftists involved in blacklivesmatter protests rallied around Biden, given his involvement in passing the crime bill (he was one of 61 senators who voted for it) is“ironic,”Greenwald told Hedges, but also serves as an example of how the Democratic Party operates. “Democrats are very good at creating a brand that is radically different than the reality, but essentially the Democratic party serves militarism, imperialism, and corporatism,”he said.“That’s who funds them, that’s what they believe in. It’s why you see neocons migrating so comfortably back to the Democratic Party, why you see Bush and Cheney operatives cheering for Joe Biden, why Wall Street celebrated when he picked Kamala Harris.” Biden’s campaign didn’t only draw support from the left – who Biden then spurned by packing his cabinet with Obama administration alumni while giving progressives like Bernie Sanders the cold shoulder. The former vice president was also supported by Republican hawks like Bill Kristol and Max Boot, as well as the much-maligned ‘Lincoln Project’ Republicans, who fundraised$67 millionto shoot attack ads against Trump in the runup to November’s election. The rallying of the establishment – Democrat and Republican alike – behind Biden could have far-reaching consequences, Greenwald warned. “It’s not a coincidence that after eight years of Obama and Biden, we got Donald Trump,”he said.“Obviously, if you go back and do exactly the same thing that the ‘Obiden’ administration did for 8 years, which is what Biden’s preparing to do, any rational person has to expect the same outcome.” The American middle class, Greenwald predicted, will“continue to be destroyed,”while companies“that have no allegiance to the US”will continue to outsource jobs.“Communities will continue to be ravaged with unemployment crises, drug addiction, suicide, depression, all the things that are dominating small American towns.” After what Hedges called a“third term of the Obama administration,”Greenwald warned that Biden could set the stage for a“smarter, more stable version”of Trump to take power. Americans looking for in-depth coverage of the Biden administration will likely be short-changed. Four years of Donald Trump have birthed left-leaning journalists that cheer on the censorship of conservatives and deplatforming of“dangerous”voices, Greenwald believes. The left, he said, shows little objection to Biden because they“bought into the overarching narrative that there are only two choices – unite behind the Democratic Party and fight fascism and Hitler, or succumb to fascism.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512749-greenwald-biden-elections-prediction/
"16 Jan, 2021","Progressive pundit Jimmy Dore helping ‘FASCISM’ by calling for Julian Assange pardon, liberal commentators claim","Progressive commentator Jimmy Dore has been flamed by liberals after he called for the pardoning of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. His crime wasn’t advocating for Assange, but doing so on Fox News’ ‘Tucker Carlson Tonight’. Appearing on Carlson’s show on Friday, Dore spoke out against the left’s support for the tech industry’s censorship of conservatives and Trump supporters. “The first person to be deplatformed was WikiLeaks and Julian Assange,”Dore argued.“A great way for Donald Trump to stick the thumb back in the eye of these people, is to pardon Julian Assange. If he knows what good for freedom of speech and freedom of the press, he should pardon Julian Assange”Dore continued. .@jimmy_dore: ""This would be a great way for Donald Trump to stick the thumb back in the eye of these people, is to pardon Julian Assange. If he knows what good for Freedom of Speech & Freedom of the Press, he should pardon Julian Assange."".@TuckerCarlson: ""I totally agree.""pic.twitter.com/t4xzZwOZ3Z Carlson agreed, claiming that Dore’s arguments were instrumental in changing his mind on Assange, who has been charged with espionage for publishing classified documents, some of which exposed US war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan. Carlson has a close relationship with President Donald Trump. He reportedly helped talk Trump out of attacking Iran in 2019, and by his own admission convinced the president to take the coronavirus pandemic seriously last year. An argument made on Carlson’s show stands a good chance of reaching Trump, and Dore’s plea for Assange’s pardoning likely caught the president’s ear better than any viral tweets or online petitions have thus far. Yet to liberals, any argument made on Carlson’s show is seemingly invalid the moment it hits the airwaves. Though he often features left-wing guests and frequently agrees with their arguments, Carlson is vocally right-wing, and his scathing criticism of such liberal causes as ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ has made him the target of advertiser boycotts and earned his show the nickname“the white power hour.” These establishment-friendly liberals accused Dore of ignoring“fascism”and helping Carlson further his“far-right agenda,”in the words of liberal pundit Emma Vigeland. Tucker isn’t a dummy. He knows that investing in a “leftist” who is driving a wedge in the left is good for his far-right agenda.It also helps when all that “leftist” does is attack Democrats and ignore fascism. Perfect guest for his ends!pic.twitter.com/TPWXXpB1dw Every entitled blowhard who gains a bit of popularity on the left ends up complaining about “censorship” on Tucker eventually. It’s like a rite of passage.https://t.co/x4dDyjNxLe Carlson brings people like Dore and Greenwald on to legitimize himself and to recruit among their fanbases. Dore has been slated by these same liberals since he started acampaignlast month aimed at pressuring Democratic superstar Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to oppose House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s bid to reclaim her speakership unless a vote on universal healthcare was brought to the floor. The Young Turks network founder Cenk Uygur was among the most vocal critics of Dore’s plan, and with Dore having worked for TYT before, his ex-colleagues - including Viegland - lined up against him. But the controversy over his interview with Carlson drew new eyes to the argument for Assange’s freedom. Jimmy Dore Tucker Carlson appearance, in which he advocated for a Trump pardon of Julian Assange, is now trending on Twitter. Than you to everyone who helped make this happen -- especially those who complained about it.pic.twitter.com/UvjhLmSykM The segment also reminded onlookers that the goals of the mainstream, liberal left, aren’t always the same as those of the dissident left. Jimmy called for pardoning Julian Assange on the network that Trump watches most. Meanwhile other networks are either ignoring Assange’s persecution or smearing him. And I’m on the left, and I don’t see Jimmy driving a wedge. I see him getting unfairly attacked/accused. Dore isn’t driving in a wage in the “left”. Y’all doing the bidding of the imperialist capitalist class did that yourselves. Emma’s fake concern is really just her mad that media won’t universally censor voices like Dore. He make people realize that the Dems aren’t worker friendshttps://t.co/drcM22qKgx Simple question: do you want Assange freed or not? If yes, then you really can’t be mad at this appearance. Don’t lose sight of the end goal. So I log onto this website to find American lefties arguing that going on a show Trump watches to lobby for a Julian Assange pardon is... a bad thing? What the actual fuck, people? How are you getting dumber? As the argument played out online, Assange himself remains behind bars in the UK. Though a judge denied the US government’s request for extradition earlier this month on humanitarian grounds, Assange was denied bail and will stay in a high-security prison while the US appeals the denial of extradition. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512757-jimmy-dore-tucker-carlson-assange/
"15 Jan, 2021",Libs dance on grave of singer Ariel Pink’s career for attending pro-Trump rally but ignore violent rhetoric from leftist celebs,"Despite saying he was not part of the US Capitol riot in an interview with Tucker Carlson, singer Ariel Pink’s career continues to fall apart and liberals are dancing on its grave for reasons never applied to anti-Trump celebs. is the author of the novel Nigh and journalist who covers art and culture. He has previously written for outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, and BizPac Review among others. Follow him on Twitter@WritingLeeman is the author of the novel Nigh and journalist who covers art and culture. He has previously written for outlets such as Breitbart, LifeZette, and BizPac Review among others. Follow him on Twitter@WritingLeeman In terms of the entertainment world, four years of a Donald Trump presidency has taught us two things. The first is one that should have already been known to anyone paying attention to the recent movement of the culture: Hollywood’s anointed celebrities are mostly out-of-touch, vapid creatures who stick to whatever larger narrative will advance their careers and keep them away from controversy. While Trump was president, this meant becoming an overnight political expert and obsessively targeting him and anyone who supports him. The second is an extension of the first: there is no greater crime an artist can commit today than espousing ideas that can be aligned with the right. Musician Ariel Pink, birth name Ariel Rosenberg, is learning that very quickly. Pink has seen fans and colleagues turn on him after it was revealed he attended the pro-Trump rally in DC that occurred before the storming of the US Capitol last week. Pink has denied taking part in the actual riot, an egregious act committed by unstable supporters that left five dead, including a police officer. This pesky detail has not mattered though. The storming of the Capitol was the sole act the left needed to validate their most extreme fantasies about conservatives, and Pink has found himselfdroppedby his record label and struggling to maintain a career. Appearing on Fox News’ Tucker Carlson Tonight, yet another act that has caused backlash for the artist, Pink described himself as “destitute” and “on the street,” unable to tour in the wake of the fallout. “I’m sort of overwhelmed right now and I don’t know what to do. My family’s been getting death threats. The hate is overwhelming. People are so mean. I’m terrified,”he said. The musician also reiterated the fact that he did not visit DC for any sort of riot and was merely there to see the president speak and put his support behind him. “I went to the White House to see our president, I went to the hotel, took a nap, end of story,”he said.“I was there for a peaceful rally, that’s all it was to me.” This has not stopped critics from trashing the artist and aligning him with the worst examples of conservatives. Oh no, Ariel Pink. wydpic.twitter.com/Etg0bL4WB9 Me listening to Ariel Pink one last time before deleting him from my Spotify playlistspic.twitter.com/aQAeFQxclA Ariel Pink on Tucker Carlson. An early contender for loser of the year; imagine defending him. (Round & Round still a very, very good song but still no Fergus Sings The Blues by Deacon Blue from which it shamelessly steals.)pic.twitter.com/lbUtZnF3O6 This guy got cancelled just for going to listen to Trump speak on Wed. He says he didn’t join the protests/riot (& his label isn’t claiming otherwise). Just *attending* the Trump speech was a cancellable offense.https://t.co/Nk6Dm5aEcD It should be noted that Pink is facing a different sort ofcontroversyin regards to ex-girlfriend and bandmate Charlotte Ercoli Coe, who has alleged sexual and mental abuse during their relationship together, detailing Pink attacking her onstage at a 2017 show (something she defended as“fun”on Twitter at the time) and giving her a sexually transmitted disease. Pink, who says he can’t afford his lawyer at the moment, has denied being a“sexual predator,”but admitted to the onstage attack, calling it “gross.” A copy of a text message allegedly belonging to Pink also finds him admitting to“f***ing up”in the relationship and sharing nude photos to brag“about how hot my [girlfriend] is.”The singer, however, has denied further allegations and has sought restraining orders from Coe, alleging blackmail. If allegations against Pink from this he said/she said mess are true then they are obviously worthy of consequences, but they are not the point in the larger discussion of artists facing professional consequences for their support of Trump. After all, critics of Pink target his decisions to go on Fox News and attend a Trump rally – and remember when and why his label dropped him – more than anything else because, again, the greatest cultural crime an artist can commit today is breaking from the accepted liberal narrative. Look at the numerous other examples of this. Artists who have aligned themselves with Trump in any way have faced racist and misogynisticattacks, and some have evenlost gigs. Pink is an example of how conservative artists are treated post-US Capitol. On the flip side, liberal celebrities push violent rhetoric on a constant basis and are actually celebrated by the mainstream media and social media mobs hungry to devour anything remotely conservative. Artists like Alec Baldwin and Sean Penn, pushed out in media interviews as pseudo-experts on anything political, areamongthe manycelebritiesto joke or even encourage the death of President Trump. Snoop Dogg, Kathy Griffin, Madonna, and others have joined in on those fantasies. Even amidst blacklivesmatter protests that turned violent over the summer – conveniently being ignored by the media now – liberal celebrities showed their undying support for the movement and did nothing to tone down their rhetoric. Leading up to the presidential election, it was the same story. Loudmouths like Michael Moore described“acts of violence”by the right that amounted to little more than differences of opinion. The violent rhetoric is commonspeak for liberal celebrities and is never once questioned by the media or their Hollywood overlords. As a conservative, especially a pro-Trump one, you can get lambasted for things you don’t even do. ‘Walker, Texas Ranger’ star Chuck Norris even had to release a statement confirming he did not attend the pro-Trump rally in DC ahead of the Capitol riot after an image of alookalike– who is clearly not the actor – surfaced and earned waves of criticism for supposedly helping to“incite”the violence that occurred. Pink is now the poster-child of the dire professional consequences one can face for being an artist and thinking freely, something that is not welcome in a culture that is quickly being purged of dissenting opinions and middle-of-the-road ideologies. If the issue was artists aligning themselves with and promoting political violence then it would not be just Pink losing gigs and struggling. The real problem is that the culture has been weaponized by extremists who feel righteous enough to forgive their own tactics while promoting the cancellation of anyone who dares to not go along for the ride. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512697-ariel-pink-trump-capitol/
"15 Jan, 2021","More power for law enforcement would not have stopped Capitol riot, their inherent bias to the right is the REAL problem","Calls for the police to be given more powers following the Washington disturbances are misplaced. A more pressing concern is reining in their systemic reactionary tendencies and sympathies for the radical right. is a Prague-based American journalist, columnist and political commentator. He has a syndicated column at CGTN and is a freelance reporter for international news agencies including Xinhua News Agency. Follow him on Twitter@BradBlank_ is a Prague-based American journalist, columnist and political commentator. He has a syndicated column at CGTN and is a freelance reporter for international news agencies including Xinhua News Agency. Follow him on Twitter@BradBlank_ In the wake of the recent Capitol riot in the US, coupled with new information from the FBI that suggests all 50 statecapitalscould soon be under siege, political figures across the country arecallingfor legislation that could greatly expand the powers of law enforcement and stifle freedom of speech and assembly. Much of the proposed legislation in state legislatures is actually refigured versions of similar bills that were meant to silence the nationwide blacklivesmatter protests that happened in the wake of the killing of George Floyd by police in May last year. As the country begins to perform an autopsy on what actually occurred at the Capitol on January 6, it is becoming more and more apparent that law enforcement had sufficient resources and intelligence to deal with the situation – but they decided not to. Police officers, several of whom were seen livestreaming with rioters, are now under investigation, and it’s apparent there were higher-ups who, for whatever reason, didn’t want to interfere with the mob. The problem is not, as has been suggested, that law enforcement is needlessly shackled by bureaucracy, but exactly the opposite; police have too much discretion in selectively deciding how and when to apply their authority and defend the civil order. This is as evident in this latest example as it is in the day-to-day happenings across the country, where violence is selectively applied to certain individuals and groups but not others. In fact, as the Guardiannoted, police are three times more likely to use force against left-wing protesters according to statistics from USCrisis Monitor. This structural bias against the left is nothing new. Take the story of leading American environmentalist and labor leaderJudi Bari, who was severely injured after an improvised explosive device blew up her car on May 24, 1990. Rather than the case being investigated as an assassination attempt, she was arrested for allegedly transporting a bomb while still in critical condition for her injuries that would later become enduring disabilities for the rest of her life. What made the case especially strange was the fact that FBI bomb investigators – i.e. federal agents – were on the scene at virtually the same time as local first responders. It was later revealed that law enforcement was tipped off by an unknown person in advance. However, what became clear was that Bari was being framed for her own assassination attempt in what the FBI called“eco-terrorism.” Several months later, the Alameda County district attorney refused to press charges against Bari and the other passenger, Darryl Cherney, despite the fact that the media had been saturated with the law enforcement side of events. FBI Special Agent Frank Doyle had claimed in a public affidavit that the bomb was on the back seat floorboard of Bari’s car, while a later forensic investigation found that it was placed directly under the driver’s seat floorboard and had a timer-armed motion trigger. This meant that it was placed by an assailant to kill the driver of the car, Bari, who was clearly the target since it was her vehicle. The conclusion that the FBI had drawn was undeniably false. But the most striking thing that came out of the federal civilsuitthat Bari’s estate and Cherney won was the fact that Bari had notified local law enforcement of death threats sent to her before the day of the bombing – all of which were ignored. Law enforcement was apparently all ears when it came to tips that could damage Bari and discredit the environmental movement, but had their heads in the sand when it came to information that could have prevented an act of terror. This is analogous to how DC law enforcement was a bulwark against peaceful blacklivesmatter protesters in Lafayette Square compared with their pathetic showing at the Capitol. In Bari’s case, would it have made any clear sense to provide Agent Doyle and his FBI colleagues with even more discretionary power? Would it have been a victory for society to simply criminalize the environmental movement altogether in order to stop such incidences from taking place? The answer to both questions is obviously no. The problem is law enforcement itself, its systemic reactionary tendencies and its sympathy for the radical right – even and especially factions that use violence as a means to achieve political objectives. Hell, it’s even being reported that many off-duty officers (and military veterans) were part of theriotson the Capitol. Without first addressing these facts, there will never be any serious application of impartial justice in the US, and any attempt to expand the role of law enforcement without this may as well just be a reversion back to the dark days ofCOINTELPRO. As Glenn Greenwaldput it,“Liberals are having their 9/11 moment (again).” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512622-law-enforcement-capitol-riot/
"15 Jan, 2021","US media continues to try to link Trump to Kremlin, but in reality American Republicans have more in common with Putin opponents","American elites don’t understand that Russian ‘liberals’ are more similar to Republicans than Democrats. What’s more, Joe Biden, and other US centre-leftists, are politically closer to Vladimir Putin than the Moscow opposition. ByPaul Robinson, a professor at the University of Ottawa. He writes about Russian and Soviet history, military history, and military ethics, and is author of theIrrussianalityblog As the American House of Representatives completes impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump, efforts continue apace to blame the divisions in American society on Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin. Speaking to the press a day after a mob seized the Capitol building in Washington, the Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, launched into a bizarre and rather ungrammatical rant, proving in the process that conspiracy theories are far from the unique preserve of the American right. Talking of the previous day’s events she remarked that“the message it sent to the world, a complete tool of Putin, this President is. Putin’s goal was to diminish the role of – the view of democracy in the world. That’s what he has been about. And, again, his enabler in this has been Donald Trump for a long time. That’s why I said in that photo when I’m leaving his meeting, ‘With you, Mr. President, all roads lead to Putin.’” As if taking their cue from Pelosi, commentators have since been working hard to link events in the American capital with Russia and Putin. Lacking firm evidence for this, their claims have become increasingly outlandish. Take for example an article by Natasha Bertrand published on Tuesday in the online magazine Politico. This focused on a Russian by the name of Andrey Illarionov, who served as an economic adviser to Vladimir Putin in the early 2000s. According to the article, Illarionov, long a senior fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute in the US, has left the organisation after publishing a blog post defending the Washington rioters. As Ms. Bertrand writes, Illarionov argued that“the storming of the capitol was a ‘trap’ set by police following deliberate ‘provocation’ by blacklivesmatter activists and Democrats. He also amplified unfounded claims about Antifa infiltrating the protests, claimed it is ‘still unknown’ who won the 2020 presidential election, accused the leadership of the Democratic Party of ‘seeking to establish its monopoly dominance in the country,’ and wrote that rioters were ‘definitely not’ violating the US Constitution when they broke into the building.’” One might wonder why it matters what some long-retired Russian official thinks. But that would be missing the point. He’s Russian!!! He’s linked to Putin! As Bertrand continues,“Some analysts have raised concerns that Illarionov’s comments are legitimized by virtue of his affiliation with the think tank, and again raise the specter of Russian attempts to sow chaos and doubt in the legitimacy of US elections. “Ilya Zaslavskiy, a researcher now leading a project on post-Soviet kleptocracy called Illarionov’s posts ‘downright dangerous,’ noting that they are shared widely within Russia and among Russian-American Trump supporters.” In other words, we are supposed to believe that Illarionov is acting on Putin’s behalf to“sow chaos”in the United States. His blog post is further proof, if any were required, of the Kremlin’s evil designs. Except for one thing: Illarionov is no friend of Vladimir Putin. In 2005, he quit the Russian government, complaining of what he called its authoritarian turn. Since then, he has stood quite clearly in the ranks of the“non-systemic”opposition, and on taking up his position at the Cato Institute in 2009 was described by the state-run Voice of America as“one of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s most prominent critics.” Nothing Illarionov says or writes could therefore be said to represent the position of the Russian government. The idea that his blog post indicates that the Russian state is trying to‘sow chaos’in the United States is beyond laughable. Anybody with even the slightest knowledge of Russian politics would have known this. How, then, does such obvious ‘fake news’ about Russia keep appearing in the American media? There are really only two options – extraordinary ignorance about all things Russian; or a willful lack of concern for the truth. It is hard to say which is better. Beyond that, though, the Politico article does reveal something rather interesting about Russian liberals, a category in which Illarionov would certainly belong. And in the process, it also indicates a lack of understanding of how Russian liberals differ from their American counterparts. The word ‘liberalism’ has many meanings. In its original form, classical liberalism, it was associated with a limited state, individual rights, and a system of law in which everyone was treated equally. In modern America, its meaning has undergone something of a reversal. To be ‘liberal’ now means to favor big government, identity politics, and group rights, and to support what philosopher Charles Taylor has called“the politics of difference.” This modern form of liberalism has found little traction among Russian liberals, whose foundational period was the late 1980s and early 1990s when classical liberalism, in its modern neoliberal form, held sway. Illarionov, for instance, played a role in persuading Putin to adopt a low 13 percent flat-rate income tax, an archetypal neoliberal economic policy. For such classical/neo-liberals, economic freedom and individual rights are key. Big government, group rights, and identity politics are something to be fought. In other words, Russian liberals and American liberals are not natural friends. It’s hardly surprising, therefore, to see Illarionov coming out in favor of Trump and attacking blacklivesmatter . It’s very much in keeping with how Russian liberals think. As an article in Foreign Policy magazine pointed out earlier this year, while the Russian government has expressed some sympathy for the anti-racism movement in the US, Russian liberals haven’t. On the contrary, they have tended to be rather hostile toward it. Liberal journalist Yulia Latynina, for instance, denounced the riots last summer which followed the killing of George Floyd as“pogroms,”and complained that the rioters were destroying private property. Meanwhile, another liberal journalist, Oleg Kashin, tweeted an image with the caption“Martin Looter King,”and one-time presidential candidate Ksenia Sobchak was fired as brand ambassador for the German carmaker Audi“after posting a racist tirade on Instagram describing Black Americans as stupid and lazy.” Illarionov, in other words, is not alone. In many ways, Russian liberals have much more in common with the American republicanparty than with the Democratic Party. As the Democrats prepare to take power, instead of lazily shouting ‘Putin, Putin, Putin!’ whenever the word ‘Russia’ pops up, that’s something that they might want to bear in mind. ",https://www.rt.com/russia/512521-us-media-trump-biden-putin/
"15 Jan, 2021",Being offended by a joke is narcissism – stand-up comedian,"He describes himself as a good man with a vicious sense of humour. He’s young, brilliant and provocative. We had a serious talk about humour with stand-up comedian Daniel Sloss. Follow@SophieCo_RT InstagramSophieco.visionaries Podcasthttps://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/sophieco-visionaries Sophie Shevardnadze:Stand-up comedian Daniel Sloss. Hey, it great to have you with us today. Daniel Sloss:Thank you so much for having me. SS:Alright. So, Daniel, my impression is that humour, it like a perfect mirror of the reality that we re living in. And let say if we take American stand-up comedy, for instance, the word ‘sex’ said on stage could once land you in jail, and if you re swearing, it could cost you heavy fines, etc. Then it became totally fine to talk about all those things in the most frivolous of manners. And society was gradually loosening up, the humour was becoming more jiggy as well. And what are we seeing now? Would you say that we re seeing a reverse trend right now? DS:I really don t subscribe to the narrative that comedy is being censored. I think people are just being yelled at because of the internet, they re just being yelled at with more volume. My jokes aren t necessarily more offensive, and people aren t necessarily more offended. But it just now we live in a world where a joke that would just upset – let say, you re in a comedy club with 100 people in it, you do a joke that would normally only upset 20 people. One of them films it, puts it online with no context and then a bunch of people who weren t at the comedy club who weren t in attendance, who ve got none of the background information, they get to pile on from the part of the internet where they re hiding and choose to take it the wrong way. And it feels like you know, this is what cancel culture is -the people yell ike [this] “I ve been cancelled! I’ve been cancelled!"". Unless I’m being naive, especially in comedy, I don t see anyone that been actually fully cancelled. Like everyone that did get cancelled is now on-tour, they ve got a book deal off the back of it, you ve got so many people that go, ‘Oh, I got in trouble for this joke’. Andt you just seem to get more… I don’t know… more publicity out of it. But maybe that just my skewed view. SS:Well, because I ve watched your sets and you re hilarious, by the way – DS:Thank you very much. SS:But you’re really free in the way you joke about religion and #MeToo, and sex and death. So you ve never really got the feeling that you re walking a tightrope with your jokes? DS:Oh, no, I definitely do. Like I know there a social line here with the audience that, you know, I like to find out where the line is and I like to push it and see how far I can go over it. And if I do go too far over it, I bring the audience back. [Fragment from Daniel Sloss’ Live Show ‘DARK’ on Netflix] I ve upset a great number of people with my comedy before, but I don t necessarily think that it because more people are getting more sensitive. I think it because the audience is bigger, more people are watching comedy now. It become, as you said, very, very popular. People want to do it. So you ve got people who don t understand the nuance of comedy. And they go and see a comedian like Jim Jefferies, or Bill Burr, or, you know, me and they hear the jokes and they hear the trigger words – they hear ‘sexual assault’, they hear ‘paedophilia’, they hear ‘religion’, ‘drugs’, whatever their thing that upsets them. And they just don t know how to take it. And even before, like when those people didn t enjoy your jokes, all they did was complain about it after the show to their friends, and then maybe send you a death threat. But back then you had to write like a death threat on a bit of paper and you had to find out where they lived, whereas now you can just do it online. I don t feel that audiences are getting more sensitive. In fact, I m more shocked by what I can get away with now because I m always told how sensitive people are. And then you go on stage and I do jokes about rape and religion and people are like, ‘Oh, it must be so dangerous’. No, not if you do it well, like you know – SS:It’s so interesting you say that because, I mean, I spent a fair amount of time in the States. And I mean, I ve seen how people used to joke there 20 years ago and how they joke now and when I turn on Late Night shows, – I mean, those are like some brilliant guys like Fallon and Kimmel and Colbert, – and I compare how they used to joke even like five years ago and now and I kind of feel bad for them because it like they re left with nothing to joke about but Trump, like there nothing else they can joke about. And then you have some extreme cases like the Charlie Hebdo killings or like the beheaded teacher, you know, who dares to speak about it, but all of that isn’t tied to humour. And like before, before this whole new ethic and this #MeToo movement came into and the BLM and all that, I mean, I guess people would get offended, but like, what the point if I get offended, because no one there to stand up for me. And now I feel like, everyone so empowered, and they re like, ‘Well, if you offend me, you re going to pay for that!’ DS:Yes. That a very, very interesting point and I agree with you. So people are more empowered to be offended, but I think I m just very much of the opinion of genuinely if I offend you so f****** what? If I genuinely sort of offend you, upset you, are you going to let me have that power over you in your head for the rest of your day? All right, then. I always find it so amazing, like the naivety of people who are offended by jokes. First of all, I think being offended by a joke is one of the most narcissistic things in the world. And this is coming from a professional narcissist. But to be offended by a joke is to sit in a comedy club, and to see a comedian who has done this one joke, minimum for 500 times all over the world, all over the country, you as an individual, you sit down, this comedian goes on stage and makes a joke about diabetes, or disability or whatever thing affects you and because it does affect you, you think this comedian took time out of their day to write a joke specifically to upset you, when they don t even know who you are.t just a joke. This is a joke...All over the world... to sit there and go ‘I m offended by this joke, they must have done this just to affect me’ is a level of self-centeredness that I genuinely admire. And also… you know, I don t like offending people with my comedy. Sometimes it happens. It just one of the things that comes from talking about certain subjects. And if I accidentally offend an audience member, I m upset and I ll make measures to maybe change the wording of the joke because... – I don t want to accidentally offend people. I don t want to offend people, I don’t want to upset. SS:In your Jigsaw set there is this idea of yours that humour is like art, and certainly, humour can be seen as a form of art itself, it’s open to interpretation, right? So if you get offended by some of it, you should always remember that how you saw this, it’s not necessarily that I meant it. Do you mean to say that comedians shouldn t really be seen responsible if their jokes get under someone skin? Is that the point we re making? DS:No, I think it depends joke to joke. I don t think there a blanket rule there. I believe that there can be accidental victims of jokes. Like, for example, in my past, – it’s just a very small example, – but when I was younger, before gay marriage was legalised in Scotland, I was doing a bunch of pro-gay material. And whenever I was just doing pro-gay material, I was talking about gay men and like, ‘This is what gay men are like, this is why I support them,nd this is why I support gay marriage’. But every time I was talking about equal marriage, it was always men and gay men I would use asexample - just because I’m a man. So of course, that was the language I was using. I did a show down somewhere in London and there was a young girl, she was about 13 or 14, she was very, very nervous, her dad asked, ‘he got a couple of questions for you…’ And I spoke to her afterwards and she said, ‘You do all this pro-gay material, but you don t do any pro-lesbian material. Is that because you don t believe that lesbians should have the same rights as gay men or what is it?’ And, of course, the answer is no, it was just my language. I just use the word ‘man’ because I m a man. But because I had in that moment accidentally left out her, I accidentally upset her - that an accidental victim. And that changed – all it takes is for me when I m talking about relationships is to say ‘your partner’, it a simple word change, it’s not me being censored, it not me being f****** sensitive, it not the world shutting me down in the internet. No, no, it just somebody went, ‘Hey, hey, this is how I interpreted that joke’, and me going, ‘F***, I didn t mean it to go that way’. So I ll make sure that in future iterations of the joke I endeavour to make it more accessible, like if I m intentionally trying to upset people – great, but sometimes, you know, it like a shotgun, you fire a shotgun in a direction, you might hit more people than you intend to. SS:Daniel, you know, I ve been talking to a lot of comedians lately, and most of them actually agree, probably like you, that there are no off-limit topics in humour. But there can be off-limit jokes. First of all, do you agree with this? And if you do, then what is an off-limit joke for you? What would you say, if there is such a thing? DS:I don t think any topic is off-limits. But there topics that I would not go anywhere near: trans stuff, I wouldn t go anywhere near that, I m not trans, I was born a man, I identify as a man, I don t know what it like to be trapped inside of a body that you don t recognize as your own. I ve not enough research, I ve not done any research into it. So my opinion on it is not important, it uneducated, it doesn t need to be out there in the world. If I wanted to do jokes about trans stuff – I should be allowed to, of course, and I am allowed to, and I can say whatever I like about it, – but for me personally, I ve got nothing to add to the conversation. I ve got nothing new to say or I don t have any fresh takes. And I don t have any insight into it. It’s not my world. But it was, you know,for so many years before I did the show X, I d always heard, you know, the thing that rape jokes are never funny, you should never joke about rape. And I ve watched comedians like, you know, f****** Sarah Silverman has some of the best rape jokes in the world. And people say rape is never funny. You go ‘No, of course, rape is never funny. But [to make] jokes about things is to take power away from them’. And if it comes up from the right angle, if you come at it from the right area, and you re aiming at the right target in the subject, then you can, as long as you talk, at least in my opinion, if you talk about something openly and empathetically enough, and the audience understand that you are coming from a place of if not love, at least a place of non-hate, then then you re free to talk about whatever you want to talk about. But people are always going to be offended. They just are. SS:Do you feel like we live in a time where humour needs to be defended? I tell you why I m asking because you certainly have your very precise stance on how things stand and you don t feel like you re somehow restrained in the way you should joke about things. But a lot of other people I ve spoken to they re like, ‘Yeah, these times are coming’, maybe more in America than over there where you are. But sooner or later, they always reach us, including this new ethics thing. So let say if, you know, this human sort of… or society evolution reached a point where we ll be like, ‘Maybe it not okay to joke about this and this’, what do you do then? DS:Then I f****** joke about it. SS:Because in America, it already happening. I m sorry to bring this up a lot, the example of America, but it does seem like everything, the trends that start there, usually gradually come all the way to Europe and spread around the world. If you joke about something that is considered inappropriate, you just lose your job. I mean, obviously, you re not going to go to prison, but no one going to book you anymore, no one going to watch, you’re hated, that it, like your concerts are cancelled, etc. That what I m saying. I mean, yeah, you can joke about it. I mean, this is your choice that no one can take away, but you ll be risking losing your career. DS:That’s where I don’t necessarily think you will be risking your career because you say this thing and you upset all of these people, but there also an audience for that. Let not pretend the same people that are offended by these jokes are the same people that vote for Donald Trump. Like there always a market. I think what happens a lot of the time when it comes to certain comedians is when they say that they re cancelled, they mean that the mainstream audiences won t watch them anymore because they said something horrific. You know, there plenty of right-wing comedians, and there some genuinely really good ones too. And they re over in the UK, there some decent right-wing comedians. But then there plenty of s*** ones and they all say, ‘Oh, you know, the reason I m not successful is because, you know, I say all these unpopular things’. And you go, “No, no, there people out there who have the same opinions as you’. And I know that true because I am also under a right-wing government. So let not pretend for a f****** second you re oppressed or that you re being silenced. Your opinions aren t popular with mainstream comedy fans, and that fine, go find your own audience but don t complain when they are all stupid racists, like, don t be upset by the crops that you cultivate. SS:Well, let me ask you this. Do you feel like there is such a thing as a monopoly for certain jokes? I m going to explain what I mean. For instance, it appropriate for black people to joke about BLM. But if you re not black, then it deemed racist if you joke about it. Or for Jewish people to joke about Holocaust, I mean, you know, it okay thatSacha Baron Cohen does it because he Jewish, but if someone else did the same thing he was doing it would be perceived in a completely different way; or, like, for a woman to joke about menopause, that’s okay, but like if a man jokes about menopause, then it sexist. Do you know what I mean? DS:Yeah. SS:Is there such a thing as a monopoly for certain jokes? Can you overstep it? DS:I think you can. But like, for example, if let say, God forbid, my dad dies next year, right? You come to my dad funeral, I invite you along, I d love you to come, it would mean the world to me if you came to my dad funeral. He always spoke about you. You come to my dad funeral, if I make a joke about my dad being dead you’re allowed to laugh at it, because that my pain, it my f****** struggle. My dad dead, I don t know how to handle it, and at this moment I make a joke, you know, about my dead dad. You laugh at that, that fine. My pain, I shared it, we struggle together. If you come to my dad funeral, and you start making jokes about my dad dead, you’re a p**** because it not your pain, it not your experience there. Maybe p**** is a bit of a strong word there. But you know, I think it about where you come from, you always have to analyse where you are, and who you are, when you make a joke. Like when I was doing the show X, when I was talking about sexual assault and stuff – I m not a woman, I m a straight white man, I ve got a quite an easy life. And that not to say obviously that men can t be sexually assaulted. Of course, they can and there a lot of male survivors out there and their plights and their struggles are as valid as that of women. But you know, what I was talking about a struggle that wasn t my own. Look, I ve not been sexually assaulted but I was talking about the sexual assault of a friend. And in that, talking about that, I could very, very easily upset people in the audience who had been sexually assaulted because I didn t go through their experience, I could have said the wrong thing. Where I’m coming from is a more ignorant place. And when survivors said to me during the early performances of the show, ‘Hey, you said this and that was wrong, that was s***, we didn t agree with that’, I changed it because that was me going, ‘Okay, look, I m still trying to make jokes and I m standing firm that I can talk about this, and I can make jokes about it’. But I ve also got to hold my hand up and admit that I m also deeply ignorant of it so I might say the wrong thing. So I don t think it necessarily a monopoly. Like there definitely the hypocrisies  out there. But if you go to a comedy club in New York, there are lots of white comedians doing jokes about black people, black people making jokes about white people, men making jokes about women. Maybe I ve been lucky, maybe I m just not experiencing this censorship myself. But I ve not seen a lot of it. SS:You know, stand-up is mostly this observational type of humour, right? When you talk about things that supposedly occurred to you it very therapeutical in a way like, you know, it almost like if you were religious, it like a confession to your public about your deepest inner fears and thoughts. But our daily routine doesn t always give us that many topics to laugh about in the sense that you need tragedy or complexity in order to joke about it on stage. Does a stand-up comedian have to deliberately be cruising for a bruising from time to time at least to be able to make joke about it after? Or do you just make it up in the end? DS:You ve touched on something which is like one of the really – I don t think it sociopathic part of being a comedian, but I think it definitely a f****** weird thing, which is, whenever something bad happens to you, whenever there a tragedy that goes on in your life, you obviously experienced the sadness in the mourning or whatever the emotion is, but there is always that bit at the back of your head that goes, ‘F***, this will be good to tell on stage though!’ In a way, it makes those moments easier - just knowing, ‘Hey, a bad thing happened to me, this will be funny on stage later’, and then that instantly makes it easier to process. And so yeah, maybe there probably is a little bit of vindictiveness. I definitely in my younger years made some stupid decisions purely based on the fact that I thought it would get me a story I could tell on stage. [Fragment from Daniel Sloss’ Live Show ‘Jigsaw’ on Netflix] SS:Well, let say I want to be a stand-up comedian. Give me a couple of quick tips. How do I bring down the house? Like, a lot of people say like, you can t learn how to joke, but I m sure you can. DS:I think you can. But the main thing to learn is how to be yourself on stage. SS:What if being myself means like just being quiet and observant? I don t think that would make people laugh if I go on stage and just stand there saying nothing. Just give me like a few tips, like one, two, maybe three. DS:Okay, get on stage as much and as often as you can, doesn t matter how big or small the audience is: you have to get used to being on stage, that just being comfortable on stage, and the audience is simultaneously the smartest people in the room and the dumbest c**** in the world in the sense that if you are nervous, they will know you re nervous within a second. And if you re nervous on stage, they re like, ‘If he or she is nervous, why should I be comfortable, or why should I trust them to be good?’ SS:What if I m nervous, and I actually emphasise on the fact that I m nervous and I m very honest about it and joke about it – would that work? DS:Yeah, absolutely. It a real thing in British comedy for this sort of like beta-style comedy of... the self-effacing, you know, ‘I’m nervous, I’m this...’You can absolutely make it funny, but that s, you know, if that who you are then it your job to make that funny to the audience or to make it relatable or to find those... – Even if you are weird or quiet, you have to find the things that do relate you to the audience or on the other side, the things that make you stand out so much that they find that amusing. SS:Alright, Daniel, it been really great talking to you. I ve had a lot of fun – DS:I’ve had too. SS:And I wish you all the best of luck with all your future endeavors. And I hope we won t come to the point where we all need to defend humour. I hope these strange times will sort themselves out. DS:And when it comes to defending I ll be on the f****** frontline. Okay, I’m a big bleeding heart liberal but when it comes to free speech, it across the board. SS:Thank you so much. Good luck with everything. DS:Bye. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/sophieco-visionaries/512579-stand-up-comedian-daniel-sloss/
"15 Jan, 2021",Feds charge ANARCHIST who appeared on CNN after telling Capitol rioters to ‘burn this s**t down’,"The Utah activist who captured the fatal shooting of a woman by Capitol Police during the unrest on video, and told CNN and ABC about it, also instigated the destruction inside, federal charges against him say. According to theaffidavitseeking his arrest, filed in the federal court in Washington, DC, John Earle Sullivan didn’t just film last Wednesday’s storming of the US Capitol – he actually took part in the violence and egged on the destruction that led to the fatal shooting of Ashli Babbitt. According to the FBI, anarchist John Sullivan told police officers to stand down in the Speaker Lobby, then agitated the crowd to attack the doors and windows while he filmed. Moments later Ashley Babbitt was shot and killed.https://t.co/4dsh8ivgka Democrats accused President Donald Trump of inciting an“insurrection”after a crowd of presumably his supporters broke into the Capitol during the joint session of Congress that was meeting to certify Joe Biden as the next US president. Babbitt was among the five people – including two Capitol Police officers – whose deaths were linked to the unrest. “Go! Go! Get this s**t!”Sullivan says in the video he turned over to the FBI, as the crowd is breaking through the door inside the Capitol, according to the affidavit. Babbitt is shot shortly thereafter as she attempts to enter through the breach. At other times he yells“Let’s go. This s**t is ours! F**k yeah,”and“Let’s burn this s**t down.” Hey@jaketapperI got a big scoop for you.pic.twitter.com/XlqMN8jNo5 He told a different story to CNN’s Anderson Cooper and ABC’s Good Morning America the evening and morning after, presenting himself as a left-wing activist who just came to document the protest. “I can t tell you that I agree with Trump or MAGA supporters,""Sullivan told Salt Lake City’s KSTU-TVlast Friday.“I can tell you I don t.”He did insist that his footage showed Trump supporters storming the Capitol, not Antifa as some claimed. Officially, Sullivan is a“civil rights activist”who runs Insurgence USA, an organization established in June 2020 amid the protests over the death of George Floyd. They say they“want to build local powers to enable the community to intervene in violence enacted by the state and government vigilantes,”rhetoric commonly used by blacklivesmatter and affiliated groups. John Sullivan faced charges here in Utah after organizing protests. His most recent video post on Intsa.https://t.co/hD7A90Cc2s Sullivan organized a June protest in Provo where a person was shot, and was arrested over it. A journalist with Provo’s KUTV news looked at the hashtags Sullivan has used on social media and they included both #blm and #antifa, as well as #abolishthepolice. Later in the summer, he delivered an expletive-laden speech at a protest in Washington, DC threatening to “rip Trump out of the White House,” chanting""It’s time for a revolution”and threatening to“burn this s**t down.” BLM inc. threatening to “rip the president out of the White House” They say they won’t wait until the next election.They’re openly calling for a revolution.This is domestic terrorism on full display, out in the open. They don’t even try to hide it.pic.twitter.com/OyhNSzBEwu Sullivan“was at the forefront of pro-Trump violence in the Capitol, egging it on as he filmed,”said Grayzone journalist Max Blumenthal, butquestionedthe activist’s bona fides and accused him of“sabotaging” blacklivesmatter while posing as a civil rights leader. Activist communities around the country have“banished”Sullivan and consider him“a dangerous provocateur,”Blumenthal said onTwitter, citing the DC-based Black House News. Yet he was welcomed on Anderson Cooper’s CNN show, which“falsely”called him a left-wing activist and didn’t ask why he was at the Capitol. The night of the Capitol riot, Sullivan was welcomed on@andersoncooperto present himself as the heroic journalist who recorded Babbit shooting. Cooper falsely called him a ""left-wing activist"" and didn t ask why he was actually in the Capitol. This was fodder for the Right.pic.twitter.com/LPezi5Hv09 Sullivan“is not BLM or Antifa, and is out to wreck their cause,”Blumenthalwrote. OAN reporter Jack Posobiec noted that Sullivan had posted on Instagram about his contacts with the FBI. That doesn’t necessarily mean much, however, given the rush by many Democrats to report Trump supporters to federal authorities in the aftermath of the January 6 events. Anarchist John Sullivan was boasting on Instagram of his contacts with the FBI yesterday. Today they arrested him for rioting.pic.twitter.com/45YkbBWP7r Whoever Sullivan is actually working for may or may not be revealed at his trial. What stands out is the ease with which he was able to garner mainstream media attention and get people of completely opposite political persuasions to follow his lead at various protests. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512571-capitol-riot-anarchist-provocateur-fbi/
"14 Jan, 2021","Nike to deny donations to Trump-backing GOP lawmakers, jumping on latest corporate virtue-signaling bandwagon","Nike just did it and joined numerous other corporate behemoths withholding support for Republican lawmakers who challenged the outcome of the presidential election and allegedly threatened US democracy by doing so. The sportswear giant announced on Wednesday that its political action committee (PAC) will no longer donate to any member of the US Congress, who fails to uphold the“principles of democracy”, including the 147 Republican legislators, who“voted to decertify the Electoral College results.” Nike joins other companies that have cut off donations to members of Congress who voted to decertify the Electoral College results. Statement:pic.twitter.com/6xT2HlXNIr Nike is somewhat of a latecomer to the latest corporate trend in the US: signaling a love of democracy by keeping money away from Republican pockets. The likes of Commerce Bank, Mastercard, Marriott, the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and AT&T have already slapped the same group of lawmakers with their versions of unilateral sanctions. Greeting cards giant Hallmark went as far as to demand that Senators Josh Hawley and Roger Marshall returned their donations. The statement didn’t specify that those amounted to about $3,000 and $5,000 respectively in the 2019-2020 election cycle. Others, including Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, have paused all political donations either for review or indefinitely, according to their statements. Whether such pledges hold in three or six or 12 months is anyone’s guess. Corporations are not particularly famous for being idealism-driven organizations, despite all mission statements to the contrary, and tend to put their share prices ahead of the less tangible values. Great to see Nike take a principled stand by withholding donations to politicians.Now they can keep more of the money they make from slave labor their factories use in a country holding two million ethnic/religious minorities and committing cultural genocide. Good for them! It’s safe to assume that if and when the national outrage over the storming of US Capitol building by Trump supporters runs its course in the media, corporate donors will be back to the usual game: playing both sides. Nike, for example, was happy todonateto the GOP far more than to Dems even as Colin Kaepernick was the face of its ads. It was in 2018, two years before blacklivesmatter protests went mainstream, so the company milked some extra publicity from all thestoriesabout people burning their sneakers to protest its pick of the knee-bending NFL quarterback. And even if the anger perseveres and publicly donating to Republican candidates is still perceived as a liability, it’s not like America Inc. is renouncing the right to exercise free speech through unlimited opaque super-PAC donations.Thosevehicles for influencing US political life outstrippedregularPACs by an order of magnitude in the last election cycle ($3.2 billion vs. $529.3 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics) and are there to stay, no matter who invades the Capitol. We talk so casually about how corporations are ending their political donations to the GOP. The fact that politicians are purchased is just accepted.Corporations aren t people. Their political donations aren t ""free speech."" The Citizens United case should be reversed.#Capitol ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512476-nike-gop-donations-virtue/
"13 Jan, 2021","YouTube SUSPENDS Trump’s channel for ‘inciting violence,’ becoming 3rd major platform after Twitter & Facebook to do so","YouTube has announced that it pulled new content from US President Donald Trump’s verified channel and blocked it from uploading new videos for at least a week, citing violations of its policy against inciting violence. In a statement late on Tuesday, YouTube said that the Trump channel was issued a strike over unspecified“new content,”and pursuant to its long-standing policy,“is now prevented from uploading new videos or live streams for a minimum of seven days.” YouTube statement:pic.twitter.com/sHhpZrrLk6 The video-sharing platform, which was the only major social medium still carrying Trump’s message after the president was purged from both Twitter and Facebook, did not rule out the possibility of the week-long ban being extended further. Comments under all videos on Trump’s channel have been suspended“indefinitely,”YouTube said, noting that this was a standard practice for the cases“involving safety concerns.” The ban did not quite come out of the blue. Earlier on Tuesday, an umbrella group of civil rights organizations vowed to pressure YouTube advertisers to drop the platform if it fails to follow Twitter and Facebook’s suit in blocking Trump’s accounts. “We join in with our coalition partners and ask that YouTube act decisively to help stop the spread of hate by shutting Trump’s account down,”the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), which is part of ‘Stop Hate for Profit’ campaign, said in a statement, as cited by Reuters. Jim Steyer, chief executive of Common Sense Media, one of the nine advocacy groups spearheading the effort, claimed that YouTube told them it was“considering”their request to censor Trump. He noted at the time that if the video-sharing giant failed to join Big Tech’s crackdown against the president, it would pay dearly by having its ad revenues sliced as a result of the boycott. The groups behind ‘Stop Hate for Profit’ crusade successfully pushed for an exodus of hundreds of advertisers from Facebook last summer after CEO Mark Zuckerberg defended his decision not to censor Trump’s posts taking aim at blacklivesmatter protests,citingfreedom of speech. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512338-youtube-suspends-trump-channel/
"12 Jan, 2021",CNN’s Cuomo rages as his own words supporting BLM riots come back to bite him,"Confronted over his condemnation of last week’s riot at the US Capitol, CNN anchor Chris Cuomo has struggled to excuse his seemingly hypocritical endorsement of less-than-peaceful protest tactics by blacklivesmatter in June. A little over six months ago, Cuomo savaged commentators who dared voice their disapproval for the large-scale property destruction and physical attacks perpetrated by groups of blacklivesmatter rioters.“Please, show me where it says protesters are supposed to be polite and peaceful”in the Constitution, the news anchor sneered on air. After last week’s unrest at the Capitol, however, Cuomo – the younger brother of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo – explicitly condemned the unruly pro-Trump demonstration, calling out“those who stoked these flames”for“feeding lies”and“moving people”to violence. ""Please, show me where it says protesters are supposed to be polite and peaceful."" — Fredo CuomoRemember last summer when CNN was using MLK’s quote, “A riot is the language of the unheard” out of context in order to add fuel to the fire? I do. These people have no shame.pic.twitter.com/30FxXJOS2C When social media users attempted to remind Cuomo that he had endorsed the very same behavior quite recently, he only got angrier, insisting that the rioters were“acting on the animus put out by you fringe agitators.” “Shame on you,”he tweeted in response to commenters stating he and his ideological compatriots“have no shame.” This is more sedition than speech. And it is on you. These people are acting on the animus put out by you fringe agitators. This is where demonizing and deception gets you. Even now, you spare trump and try to divide. Shame on you.https://t.co/MtYAmK9L20 “Too many see the protests as the problem. No, the problem is what forced your fellow citizens to take to the streets – persistent and poisonous inequities and injustice,”Cuomo lamented in June, unaware he would be eating those same words just a few months later. Plenty of viewers called him (and his employer) out for playing political favorites with rioters. What he meant to say was, burning, looting and rioting are A-OK ... if I agree with your politics. Hey CNN how can a reporter have all of Minneapolis burning behind him and it’s mostly peaceful. And Republicans kick down the door or two and it’s the worst thing in the world. I’m not condoning it at all i’m just saying you are stupid poopy heads.#ramenking But Cuomo just couldn’t leave well enough alone, resuming grandstanding over the Capitol riot on Tuesday in an apparent effort to justify his hypocrisy. So dont.https://t.co/qXHCpJFs1j This is a lie. And I hope whoever claims you as friend or family sees the bullshit you are putting out.https://t.co/uAf5cJMbms Social media users wouldn’t let him off the hook, quickly getting under his skin with the use of his hated nickname“Fredo,”a reference to the ‘stupid brother’ from the Godfather films. This isn t even a very good attempt at backtracking. You got destroyed by a dude munching on dry ramen over this.https://t.co/tSUzrAPlQt Nice ratio, Fredo .... Many of the biggest cheerleaders for the destructive and violent blacklivesmatter protests over the summer have become the most vocal critics of last week’s pro-Trump uprising, though in terms of both lives lost and property damage it scarcely holds a candle to the weeks of fiery riots that the media establishment excused as“mostly peaceful.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512329-cuomo-hypocrisy-protesters-riots-blm/
"12 Jan, 2021",PBS lawyer fired after championing ‘REEDUCATION CAMPS’ for children of Trump supporters in latest Project Veritas sting,"Hidden camera footage of PBS exec Michael Beller, in which he appears to wax poetic about ‘deprogramming’ Trump supporters’ kids and celebrates their parents’ death from Covid-19, has apparently gotten him fired. Speaking to an undercover reporter for conservative muckraking outfit Project Veritas, Beller appeared to boast that “even if [president-elect Joe] Biden wins, we go for all the Republican voters, and Homeland Security will take their children away.” Does@PBScondone Principal Counsel Michael Beller’s radical agenda of political violence?#ExposePBSpic.twitter.com/W3R9XUCmlO “We ll put them into re-education camps,” he continued, suggesting this was necessary because “kids who are growing up knowing nothing but Trump” would take after their Trump-supporting parents and presumably become pint-sized bigots. They’ll be raising a generation of intolerant, horrible people -–horrible kids. PBS responded via Twitter just hours after Project Veritas’ clip was posted, announcing that Beller - who had served as principal counsel of business affairs for PBS since 2013, according to his LinkedIn page – “no longer works for” the publicly-funded network. It even belittled his former role, calling him a “mid-level staff attorney” and insisting he did not make “any editorial decisions.” The network stated they “strongly condemn[ed] violence.” “There is no place for hateful rhetoric at PBS, and this individual’s views in no way reflect our values or opinions.” (2/3) Beller seemed less than serious in some parts of the recording, grinning, for example, as he suggested Biden supporters should “go to the White House and throw molotov cocktails” should the Democrat lose the election. While the summer blacklivesmatter protests featured plenty of the homemade projectiles, few of Beller class demographic were actually doing the throwing. However, the lawyer seemed to have put quite a bit of thought into how to reeducate Trump supporters kids, expanding on the ""enlightenment camps"" where they d be sent as he spoke to his undercover companion. ""They re nice! They have Sesame Street characters in the classrooms and they watch PBS all day."" The children program has been repeatedly skewered by conservative pundits for indoctrinating the younger generation, most recently with a half-hour ""anti-racist"" special called ""The Power of We."" Beller also sounded genuinely delighted when discussing a surge of Covid-19 cases in middle America and venting his spleen on ""stupid"" Americans living outside cities like Washington DC. ""What great is that Covid is spiking in all the red states right now,"" he said, explaining that ""either those people won t come out to vote for Trump…or a lot of them are sick and dying."" While Beller echoed most of his establishment media compatriots in describing Trump as ""close to Hitler,"" his views on certain competitors were less than charitable. ""CNN doesn t have real news anymore,"" he complained, observing ""It just talking heads talking about Trump all day long."" Fox News was even less tolerable, though - the PBS exec said it ""makes [him] want to throw up after five minutes."" ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512321-project-veritas-trump-reeducation-camps/
"12 Jan, 2021",Trump accuses Big Tech of ‘dividing and being divisive’ after coordinated deplatforming efforts against him,"US President Donald Trump has excoriated Big Tech for fanning the flames of division nationwide, accusing the megacorporations which have deplatformed him of doing a ""horrible thing to the United States."" The president skewered the tech giants in an address to reporters on Tuesday as he prepared to board a flight to Alamo, Texas, where he was scheduled to showcase his border wall later in the day. ""I think that Big Tech is doing horrible things for our country and to our country, and I believe it going to be a catastrophic mistake for them,"" Trump said. Accusing the companies that booted him from their platforms in the aftermath of last week riot at the Capitol in Washington, DC of ""dividing and being divisive,"" Trump suggested the tech firms were ""showing something that I ve been predicting for a long time if people didn t act on it."" He didn t explain exactly what that something was, however. ""I think Big Tech has made a terrible mistake [that is] very, very bad for our country and that leading others to do the same thing,"" Trump continued, hinting at a ""countermove"" to the many ""problems"" and ""danger"" caused by the powerful corporations. ""I ve never seen such anger as I see right now, and that a terrible thing,"" the president stated, adding that his administration has ""tremendous support, probably like no one has ever seen before"" but that it was imperative to ""avoid violence."" Trump declined to take responsibility for the riot at the Capitol, arguing that his political nemeses had made much more inflammatory statements during the summer blacklivesmatter riots and demonstrations across the country. His speech before an assembled crowd of Capitol protesters – who at that point were still peaceful – and later posts on social media were held up by Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and other tech platforms as justification for deplatforming a sitting president, tagged as ""incitement to violence"" even though they included no explicit call to attack lawmakers or federal property. Trump was far from the only conservative social media user to find themselves deplatformed in the last week, however. Hundreds of thousands of Trump supporters, fans of the QAnon conspiracy theory, and other non-mainstream accounts were suspended over the weekend from Facebook and Twitter alike. Amazon on Monday wiped out the domain of Parler, a Twitter-like social media network that has become a refuge for deplatformed Trump fans. The platforms justified their mass removals and account suspensions by attempting to link all deleted users to QAnon and citing the violence of the previous week as proof of an alleged ""increased risk of harm."" While Trump has just over a week left in his term, House Democrats are determined to impeach him again over the riot. They filed an article of impeachment on Monday accusing him of ""incitement of insurrection"" and plan to ask Vice President Mike Pence to invoke the 25th Amendment to remove the president. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512298-trump-blames-big-tech-division/
"12 Jan, 2021",A revolution will NEVER AGAIN happen in the US: Today’s demonstrators have no real goals beyond snapping that protest selfie,"A revolution needs two elements to succeed: ‘people power’ conspicuously disrupting normal life, and demands that differ from the current regime’s. Without those, it’s a theatrical, easily hijacked mob: see the US since 2001. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram While the US was founded in a revolution, somewhere along the way its inhabitants forgot how to successfully stage one – and, in the process, became easy prey for those in need of cannon fodder for their own battles. Certainly, there were large and successful public movements during the 20th century – the civil rights struggle, the anti-war movement, women’s suffrage, and so on – but at some point, the ruling class became accustomed to the tried-and-true tactics of marching with signs, shouting slogans, and even blocking traffic. As the powers-that-be became more accustomed to seeing large numbers of people turn out to call them nasty (if well-deserved) names and taunt them with clever rhymes, the utility of demonstrations – no matter how massive – all but disappeared. A thoroughly domesticated media establishment can opt not to cover even the largest protest or rally, or misreport its numbers – and the gatherings themselves run the risk of being co-opted by whomever has the loudest voice. This became abundantly clear during last year’s blacklivesmatter (BLM) protests, in which some groups remained entirely peaceful while others, incited by a relatively small faction of demonstrators, tore up their cities and set them on fire. Fewer and fewer Americans have the time or the inclination to understand complex political issues. Taking interest in ‘causes’ has become more of a trend than a commitment, and these shallow ‘movements’ travel around the world just like a fashion trend would, aided by subtle ‘nudges’ from the media. CNN covers ruling-class-approved political ‘uprisings’ such as a parade or a fashion show – so much so, in fact, that their coverage of last year’s riots in Hong Kong actually included ahandy ‘what-to-wear’ guidefor wannabe activists and fawning over the rioters’makeshift weapons. Back home, they gushed about the “mostly peaceful” BLM demonstrations while fires literally raged in the background. Frustrated Americans with a vague, nagging sense that something is wrong with society are quick to resonate with the protest behavior they see on the screen and the inspiring (if not necessarily true) stories that accompany it. Taking to the street armed with a sign and a list of well-worn slogans becomes a political rite of passage, a quasi-religious affirmation that one is Doing Something™ to make the world a better place. Once in the middle of a crowd crackling with potential energy, the individual is no longer thinking as an individual – except maybe to take that crucial protest selfie. Pics or it didn’t happen! Protesting for show isn’t the only element wet-behind-the-ears American slacktivists share with the US-backed color revolutionaries abroad. The leaders of carefully choreographed uprisings ‘over there’ target disenfranchised groups or ethnic minorities with scientific precision, sometimes even helping them with their cause before revealing to each group that their problems have all been caused by the governing body itself. These disparate factions, their trust gained by a few table scraps thrown their way, are then deployed as the manipulators’ revolutionary army while the manipulators themselves hide safely in their bunkers. Similarly, in the US, the box-checking “trained Marxist” figureheads of BLM flood their message of hope and justice into poor black and minority communities, encouraging the residents to blame all their problems on systemic racism. These jet-setting professionals promise the moon and ask ‘only’ for the right to serve as the mouthpiece of the black community (as if there could be one monolithic ‘black community’) in return. The rise of ‘intersectionality’ and competitive victimhood in the US and Western Europe have turned ethnic and religious factions that might normally be allies against one another, conning the downtrodden into picking fights with the people one rung up on the ladder while being blissfully unaware of their real enemies at the top. Only when those factions have been worked into a revolutionary lather are the full extent of the ruling group’s demands unveiled. While these tend to bear little resemblance to the issues the ‘movement’ initially used to lure the disenfranchised into its ranks, it’s too late to back out by that point. The communities BLM has grown fat leeching off are still poor, desperate, and abused by police, except now there are more cameras filming the abuse, and another stream of income pouring – according to some activists, at least – straight into the Democratic Party. Perhaps this is why many of the blacklivesmatter marches in American cities were so overwhelmingly white, joining up for that protest selfie and the ever-present need to boost their activist credibility. Even when they took over entire city blocks, as in the infamous Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone encampment in Seattle, there was no ‘next step’ in their plan, and their cosplay revolutionary zeal quickly evaporated. This is hardly a left/right phenomenon, either. When pro-Trump protesters were all but invited in to the Capitol last week, many didn’t stay for long, and not only because the authorities had showed up. After taking that protest selfie with your feet up on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s death, what more is there to do? Confronting actual congressmen? That sounds like work. There are a lot of justifiably angry people in the US right now – people who’ve been told that even admitting to their rage is wrong. But suppressing it by latching on to a series of shiny prefab ‘causes’ won’t make it go away, and nor will protesting for the cameras. A real revolution takes work – and that’s why it’ll never happen in the US again. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512272-protest-selfie-revolution-fail/
"12 Jan, 2021",Are you ready for total (ideological) war?,"So, welcome to 2021! If last week was any indication, it is going to be quite an exciting year. ByC.J. Hopkins, award-winning American playwright, novelist and political satirist based in Berlin. His dystopian novel, Zone 23 is published by Snoggsworthy, Swaine & Cormorant. His essays and other works can be found at, and he can be reached via,cjhopkins.comorconsentfactory.org. This article was originally published byConsent Factory. It is going to be the year in which GloboCap reminds everyone who is actually in charge and restores“normality”throughout the world, or at least attempts to restore“normality,”or the“New Normality,”or the“Great Normal Reset,”or“The New Normal War on Domestic Terror”… or whatever they eventually decide to call it. In any event, whatever they call it, GloboCap is done playing grab-ass. They have had it with all this“populism”malarkey that has been going on for the last four years. Yes, that’s right, the party is over, you Russian-backed white supremacist terrorists! You Trump-loving, anti-mask grandmother killers! You anti-vax, election-fraud-conspiracy theorists! You deviants who refuse to follow orders, wear your damn masks, vote for who they tell you, and believe whatever completely nonsensical official propaganda they pour into your heads! Oh, yes, you really did it this time! You stormed the goddamned US Capitol. You and your racist, Russia-backed army ofbison-hat-wearing, half-naked actors have meddled with the primal forces of GloboCap, and now, by God, you will atone! No, do not try to minimize your crimes. You entered a building without permission! The building where America simulates democracy! You walked around in there, waving silly flags! You went into the chamber, into people’s offices! One of you actually put your filthy populist feet up on Pelosi’sdesk… ON HER DESK! This aggression will not stand! OK, before I go any further with this essay, I need to explain to my regular readers (in case it wasn’t already clear) that I’ve decided to forswear every word I’ve ever written, and all my principles, and my common sense, and join the remainder of my old leftist and liberal friends in the orgy of online hate and outrage they are currently mindlessly indulging in. Yes, I realize this comes as a shock, but I have seen the GloboCap writing on the wall, and I don’t want to… you know, get ideologically“cleansed,”or charged with“extremism,”or“insurrectionism,”or“domestic terrorism,”or“populism,”or whatever. I’m already in enough trouble as it is for not playing ball with their“apocalyptic plague,”and whatever else I am, I am certainly no martyr, and I have a career in the arts to consider, so I have decided to listen to my inner coward and join the goose-stepping global-capitalist mob, which is why this column sounds slightly out of character. See, back in the old days, before my conversion, I would have made fun of my liberal friends for calling this“storming”of the Capitol a“coup,”or an“insurrection,”and for demanding that the protesters be prosecuted as“domestic terrorists.”I probably would have scolded them a bit for taking to the internet and spewing their hatred at the unarmed womanshotdead by the police like a pack of soulless, totalitarian jackals. I might have even made a reference to that infamous scene in Schindler’s List where the crowd of“normal”German citizens all laugh and jeer as the Jews are marched away to the ghetto by the Nazi goons. But, now that I have seen the light, I see how bad and wrong that would have been. Clearly, trespassing in the US Capitol is a crime that should be punishable by death. And comparing contemporary American liberals to the “good Germans” during the Nazi era is so outrageous that… well, it should probably be censored. So, good thing I decided not to do that! Plus, the woman was a“devoted conspiracy theorist,”so she got what she deserved, right? (“Play stupid games, win stupid prizes”was the official liberal shibboleth, I believe.) In fact (and I hope my liberal friends are still reading this), the police should have shot the entire lot of them! All these Russian-backed Nazi insurrectionists should have been gunned down right there on the spot, preferably by muscle-bound corporate mercenaries and CIA snipers in Black Hawk helicopters with big Facebook and Twitter logos on them! Actually, anyone who trespassed in the Capitol Building (which is like a cathedral), or just came to the protest wearing a MAGA hat, should be hunted down by federal authorities, charged as a“domestic white-supremacist terrorist,”frog-marched out onto blacklivesmatter Plaza, and shot, in the face, live, on TV, so that everyone can watch and howl at their screens like theTwo Minutes Hatein1984. That would teach these“insurrectionists”a lesson! Or they could shoot them in one of those corporate-branded stadiums! We could make it a weekly televised event. It’s not like there is any shortage of Trump-supporting“domestic terrorists.”They could use a different stadium every week, deck the place out with big“New Normal”banners, play music, make speeches, the whole nine yards. Everyone would have to wear masks, of course, and strictly adhere to social distancing. Folks could bring the kids, make a day of it. How am I doing so far, leftist and liberal friends? No? Not fanatical and hateful enough? OK, so what is it going to take to convince you that I have changed my tune, got my mind right, and am totally on board with the New Normal totalitarianism? Trump? Sure, I can do Trump. I hate him! He’s Hitler! He’s Russian Hitler! He’s Russian white supremacist Hitler! Yes, I know I’ve spent the last four years pointing out that he isn’t actually Hitler, or a Russian agent, and that he’s really just the same ridiculous, narcissistic ass clown that he has always been, but I was wrong. He’s definitely Hitler, and a Russian agent! He is certainly not just a pathetic old huckster without a single powerful ally in Washington who could not stage an actual coup if Putin nuked every blue state on the map. No, I soil myself in fear before his awesome power. Never mind that he’s just been banned byFacebook,Twitter, and numerous other corporateplatforms, and made a fool of by the corporate media, the international political establishment, the intelligence agencies, and the rest of GloboCap since the day he took the oath of office. Forget the fact that, although he holds the nuclear launch codes in his tiny little hands and is commander in chief of the US military, the most he could do to challenge his removal was file a buttload of hopeless lawsuits and sit around in the Oval Office eating cheeseburgers and tweeting into the night. No, none of that means a thing, not when he still has the power to“embolden”a few dozen pissed-off Americans to storm (or calmlywalk) into the Capitol and take selfies sitting in the vice president’s chair! Look, the point is, I hate him. And I hate his supporters. I hate everyone who doesn’t hate him and his supporters. I hate everyone who won’t wear a mask. I hate the Republicans. I hate the Russians. I hate everyone who won’t get the vaccine. My God do I hate them! I am so full of hatred and mindless rage that it is making me crazy. I am so consumed with self-righteous hatred, propaganda, and manufactured hysteria that, if Rachel Maddow, or Chris Hayes, or whoever, told me that it was time to round them all up, these“domestic terrorists,”these“insurrectionists,”these“conspiracy theorists,”these“anti-mask extremists”(and anyone else who won’t obey us), and put them on trains and send them to camps, I’d probably be OK with that. How am I doing, liberals? Am I back in the club? Because, I get it. I swear! I’m cured! Praise God! I’m ready to pitch in and do my part. I believe in GloboCap’s final victory! I’m willing to work, if our leaders order me, 10, 12, or 14 hours a day, and give all I have for GloboCap victory! I am ready for total ideological war… an ideological war more total and radical than anything I can even imagine! Sure, our imaginary enemies are formidable (and this war will probably last forever… or at least until the end of global capitalism), but, in the words of one our greatest liberal heroes, George W. Bush,“bring it on!” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512233-total-ideological-war-us/
"12 Jan, 2021","Twitter’s hypocritical censorship: Misinformation on Western Covid vaccines banned, falsehoods about Russia Sputnik V permitted","Twitter has censored numerous users, including Iran Supreme Leader, for criticism of Western Covid-19 vaccines, but “respectable” Western journalists can spread misinformation and distrust in Russia’s Sputnik V with impunity. ByGlenn Diesen, an Associate Professor at the University of South-Eastern Norway, and an editor at the Russia in Global Affairs journal. Follow him on Twitter@glenndiesen The American social media giant announced in December that its censorship would expand to include coverage of Covid-19 vaccines as“vaccine misinformation presents a significant and growing public health challenge – and we all have a role to play.” As always, altruistic and moral arguments for imposing suppression of information increase support from the public. Ending harmful misinformation about vaccines is a common interest that everyone can get behind. However, once there is acceptance for the blue pencil – society inevitably transforms itself. “Harmful speech”and“hate speech”are ambiguous concepts. Silicon Valley monopolies are entrusted with defining and detecting these transgressions, which grants them immense political power by effectively becoming real-life versions of Orwell’s Ministry of Truth. Selective application of censorship is unavoidable. This is not a bug but a feature of Silicon Valley’s social media platforms. It is the exercise of inconsistent and politically motivated censorship that endows the tech-oligarchs with political power. Censorship is steadily growing against both foreign and domestic adversaries. Iran’s Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was censored by Twitter for his criticism of Western-made Covid-19 vaccines:“Importing vaccines made in the US or the UK is prohibited. They’re completely untrustworthy. It’s not unlikely they would want to contaminate other nations.” The need to counter“harmful speech”supposedly required Twitter to censor Iran’s Supreme Leader. Yet, in the West, mainstream journalists are free to bash Russia’s Sputnik V without censure. In the absence of evidence, media folk substantiate their anti-vaccination arguments with references to Putin’s supposedly nefarious intentions. However, Silicon Valley thought police is suddenly not concerned about politically motivated attacks on a vaccine. Reasonable arguments can be made that Ayatollah Khamenei is paranoid, yet this conclusion cannot be made by limiting debate. From Tehran’s perspective, paranoia is warranted: The CIA ran a fake vaccination program in Pakistan in the effort to obtain DNA samples from Osama Bin Laden. The US and Israel previously launched the Stuxnet cyber-attack against Iran’s nuclear centrifuges that could have caused another Chernobyl nuclear disaster. In the 1980s, the US supplied Iraq with chemical weapons to invade Iran, which resulted in killing tens of thousands of Iranian soldiers and civilians, while survivors to this day still need medical treatment. In more recent history, Washington imposed crippling sanctions on Tehran, which severely constrain its ability to fight the Covid-19 pandemic. From Khamenei’s perspective, it is“not unlikely”the US would tamper with the vaccines. But for arguments sake, let’s say Khamenei is merely a radical zealot disseminating conspiracy theories. Is it not the point of free speech that weak arguments must be exposed to scrutiny rather than given the protective cover of censorship? Also, is it not worth knowing the perspective of an adversarial world leader? The Silicon Valley oligarchs have determined it is not. Twitter, Facebook and Instagram have now also banned President Trump from their respective platforms indefinitely. Trump’s“harmful speech”was deemed by Silicon Valley to have contributed to the disgraceful storming of Capitol Hill by MAGA supporters. The shameful event seemed to bring the Democrats and Republicans together in mutual condemnation. Several key Republicans have distanced themselves from Trump due to his irresponsible language, and even many Trump supporters recognize that Trumpism must now continue without its central figure. However, the event is becoming a Reichstag moment. Hyperbolic language such as“coup attempt,” “domestic terrorism”, and“white supremacy”by the political-media class is legitimizing more censorship to purge the political Right. Even moderately conservative websites are censored. Republican Senator Marco Rubio cautions that Biden is attempting“to use this terrible national tragedy to try and crush conservatives or anyone not anti-Trump enough.” The Pandoras’ Box of censorship is open and it is unclear what will dictate the rules for acceptable speech. It is argued that if their own president can be censored and banned from social media, why then not also the leaders of adversarial states from Venezuela to China? And why not censor the journalists who supported or made excuses for the violent blacklivesmatter riots that brought havoc to US cities, led to multiple deaths, and divided society? Will Silicon Valley also censor journalists and politicians who supported coups against the democratically elected governments in Bolivia or Ukraine? Much like the approach to vaccine misinformation, censorship will be done on an ad-hoc basis. The question is, therefore, not what should be censored, but who will make the decision. The consequences of digital censorship are predictable: Foreign states which emphasise sovereignty, such as Russia, may well follow China example and decouple from the US run ecosystem and nationalize their digital realms. The domestic American political opposition have less options to find new outlets and will be radicalized. Both China and Russia have developed their own digital platforms. Under pressure from Washington, Google sought to undermine China by suspending its Android license agreements with Huawei in May 2019. China and Russia responded by deepening their tech-partnership. China is developing its own HongMeng operating system and cooperating with Russia’s Aurora operating system. Can American conservatives also decouple from the liberal digital platforms? In response to the growth of selective censorship, American conservatives are migrating from Twitter and Facebook to Parler. But now, in a coordinated attack, Google and Apple have suspended the Parler app and Amazon has wiped Parler off the internet by expelling the platform from its servers. Expanding the censorship of“harmful speech”to the sphere of public health intensifies the erosion of trust in the political-media class. Irrespective of the moral arguments and common interest of censoring vaccine misinformation, the control over information cannot be decoupled from power interests. As Silicon Valley would never censor misinformation about Russia’s Sputnik vaccine or harmful language by the Democratic Party, the only solution is no censorship at all. The alternative of outsourcing the defense of public health and democracy to the selective censorship of tech-oligarchs will continue to fragment the information space, both between and within nations. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. ",https://www.rt.com/russia/512231-twitter-censorship-misinformation-vaccine/
"12 Jan, 2021","At least 2 US Capitol Police officers SUSPENDED amid claims they sided with pro-Trump rioters, lawmaker says","The US Capitol Police have suspended at least two officers and are probing as many as 15 others for their conduct during last week’s riot in Washington, DC, which saw election-fraud protesters storm the halls of Congress. One of the suspended officers was spotted wearing a Make America Great Again hat, while another was seen taking a selfie with a pro-Trump rioter as the crowd surged into the Capitol building, Representative Tim Ryan (D-Ohio), who heads a panel investigating the January 6 unrest, said on Monday. “The interim chief is taking aggressive action within the department to find out if there was any facilitation or help”given to the violent protesters, Ryan said, adding that around 10 to 15 other officers are also under investigation in connection with the deadly riot. The lawmaker also cited reports that one officer was taken into custody after the showdown in DC, but his spokesman later clarified that no such arrest had been made, noting that Ryan apparently misspoke. While Ryan did not identify any of the suspended officers, a photo from the riot shared on social media shows a police officer donning a signature red MAGA hat, while addressing the crowd via megaphone. Our@Report4Americacorps member Chris Jones was on the ground as a mob took over the U.S. Capitol in Washington yesterday. See more of his 📸 here:https://t.co/HGpN6RVSaNpic.twitter.com/BndWtQtJgk Marine Corps veteran and journalist Chris Jones, who took the picture,toldMilitary.com that the officer put on the cap to“distract the crowd”that was then rushing towards an open door of the Capitol, apparently an effort to buy time for fellow officers to seal off the entrance. In other footage from the scene that has made rounds online, another officer was seen  posing for a photo with a protester as dozens streamed into the Capitol around him. Cops are taking selfies with the terrorists.pic.twitter.com/EjkQ83h1p2 In a separate statement on Monday, the Capitol Police’s newly-appointed acting chief Yogananda Pittman said that any officers who ran afoul of department policy will face“disciplinary action, up to, and including, terminations.” She has confirmed that“several officers”were already suspended“pending the outcome of their investigations.” Police guarding the Capitol were overwhelmed on Wednesday as demonstrators forced their way into the building. The riot resulted in five deaths, including one officer and a protester who was shot by police while trying to enter the House chamber. While some police have been hailed for defending the Capitol and the lawmakers inside – officer Eugene Goodman, for instance, was celebrated as a“hero”for steering a group of rioters away from the Senate chamber – members of Congress have questioned whether the invaders were helped in some cases. House Majority Whip James Clyburn (D-South Carolina) has suggested that someone with access to the Capitol was complicit in telling protesters how to find his unmarked office, where he does most of his work, while another office bearing his name managed to endure the riot unscathed. Wow. Rep. Clyburn says rioters somehow knew where his unmarked office is and showed up there on Wednesday.""That to me indicates something untoward may have been going on,"" he tells Jake Tapperpic.twitter.com/qlyVrdTqPp Democratic politicians also suggested a racial motive for the subdued law enforcement response.“No one can tell me that if it had been a group of blacklivesmatter protesters yesterday that they wouldn t have been treated very differently than the mob that stormed the Capitol,”President-elect Joe Biden said.“We all know that true, and it unacceptable.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512211-police-suspended-capitol-riot/
"11 Jan, 2021",Arnold Schwarzenegger’s nonsensical likening of Capitol riot to Kristallnacht is a haunting pretext for dehumanizing Trump voters,"It disgusting enough when a manipulator diminishes the horrors of the Holocaust by disingenuously invoking the Nazis to demonize a political enemy. It downright nauseating when the invoker is a morally bankrupt Hitler admirer. ByTony Cox, a US journalist who has written or edited for Bloomberg and several major daily newspapers. Enter stage far-left, Arnold Schwarzenegger. The former Governor of California -- who said""I don t remember""when he was confronted in 2003 with an old interview transcript noting his admiration for the Fuhrer -- is winning plaudits on social media for posting a viral Twitter video on Sunday that absurdly compared 1938 Kristallnacht to last Wednesday US Capitol riot. The Austrian-born actor attempt at likening the Night of Broken Glass to the day when windows were broken at the Capitol was stupid, sure, but it was also devious. With dramatic music playing in the background and a propagandist confident stare straight into the camera, Schwarzenegger leaped from defaming the Proud Boys -- calling them the equivalent of the Brownshirts who terrorized German Jews on Kristallnacht -- to condemning President Donald Trump and his""enablers""as coup engineers. He framed his tale as a warning from someone who grew up in the ashes of Adolf Hitler fallen reich. He spoke of how his father and the other former Nazi Party members on the block took out their emotional pain and guilt by getting drunk and abusing their wives and children. The messaging is clear: This is what can happen when a nation loses its democracy, when people are misled and, little by little, go along with an evil leader lies and intolerance. It goes without saying who is cast this time as the guy with the strange mustache. ""President Trump sought to overturn the results of an election, and of a fair election,""the script reads.""He sought a coup by misleading people with lies. My father and our neighbors were misled also with lies, and I know where such lies lead."" The crowd ate it up. The video had nearly 34 million views by Monday afternoon, and the reviews were glowing. Actress Alice Evans called the video""among the top 10 speeches I ve ever heard.""Journalist and author David Cay Johnston praised the message as""smart insights from someone who understands that Donald is a clear and present danger to our liberty.""Actor Tommy Chong lamented that foreign-born Schwarzenegger isn t eligible to run for president:""What an intelligent president he would have made."" This must be among the top ten speeches I ve ever heard. It hit me viscerally. I feel hope. I feel like - I want to be a better person. ❤️ Smart insights from someone who understands that Donald is a clear and present danger to our liberty. Imagine if Arnold was born in America, and what an intelligent president he would have made.https://t.co/wIEgtc9Lt0 On the contrary, Schwarzenegger is more like a symbol of the pop-culture stupefying of America, from his acting to his politics. Comparing the Capitol riot, born out of an election-fraud protest, to Kristallnacht -- when synagogues and Jewish businesses were destroyed in a direct precursor to the Holocaust – is next-level ignorance. The fact that so many people bought it says a lot about where we are. But it not surprising in a country where millions of people were trained to believe Trump is a Nazi because he threatened to govern the US in the interests of American citizens. They see him as a dangerous dictator, even though he the one being censored, and the deceivers who propagandized against him get book deals and bigger audiences than they ever deserved. It only fitting that the moralizer who telling anti-Trump Americans what they want to hear today is someone who has no business lecturing anyone. He groped and humiliated women in Hollywood for decades, which headmittedin 2018 after lying about it on the campaign trail in 2003. His marriage to Maria Shriver essentially ended in 2011, after it came to light Schwarzenegger had anaffair– and a child – with his housemaid. And at least two black bodybuilders have accused the former Mr. Olympia ofracist abuse. It also seems Arnie had something of a soft spot for Adolf in the past. Schwarzenegger was quoted in a 1975 interview saying,""I admired Hitler, for instance, because he came from being a little man with almost no formal education, up to power. I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for what he did with it."" But all of that will be forgotten today. Schwarzenegger, who made no such video when blacklivesmatter and Antifa rioters were burning America cities and breaking glass last summer, is a hero again. He ripped the Bad Orange Man. And he chiming in at just the right time in a push to inflict retribution on Trump supporters. ""What are we to make of those elected officials who have enabled his lies and his treachery?""Schwarzenegger asked. He added:""John F. Kennedy wrote a book called Profiles in Courage. A number of members of my own party, because of their own spinelessness, would never see their names in such a book. I guarantee you. They re complicit with those who carried the flag of self-righteous insurrection into the Capitol."" All over America, people are being investigated and, in some cases, fired on suspicion that they attended last week pro-Trump protest in Washington. Those who support Trump are guilty by association. Businesses are being warned not to hire people who worked for Trump. The cancel mobs won t have it. “Let it be known to the business world: Hire any of Trump’s (Press Secretaries) fellow fabulists-and Forbes will assume that everything your company or firm talks about is a lie.” -‘Why We’re Holding Those Who Lied For Trump Accountable’https://t.co/oFMo9RP6yK People are making blacklists, millions of Americans are being dehumanized, and their woes are being celebrated. Does any of this sound familiar? Subscribeto RT newsletter to get stories the mainstream media won’t tell you. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512195-arnold-schwarzenegger-kristallnacht-capitol/
"11 Jan, 2021",White charlatans faking Hispanic heritage are the vanguard of a new wave of cultural con artists cashing in on identity politics,"Celebrities, lawyers and academics have all recently been outed for allowing people to assume they are non-white as a cynical tactic to boost their status. These frauds are recklessly undermining racial equality for personal gain. Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney For better or worse, labels matter. Your race, gender, nationality, politics, all influence how society views you. Most of the focus is, quite rightly, on removing these barriers, to try to attain equality even if it’s an impossible goal. But there is now a creeping, sinister phenomenon of race-frauds. It began with people pretending to be black, but the growing trend appears to be erroneously playing the Hispanic card. On the surface, it looks no more than an ill-advised stunt; however, it’s far more serious and has deep-lying consequences for us all. The most recent exposé involved Natasha Lycia Ora Bannan, a prominent human rights lawyer and former president of America National Lawyers Guild. She had been trading on being Latina, claiming Puerto Rican and Colombian heritage. However, in reality, she was born inGeorgiaand had no link to either of those places. That didn’t stop her becoming senior counsel at the LatinoJustice Puerto Rican Legal Defense & Education Fund. There’s even a video of her on Voice Latina TV telling the world that she’s a“cultural mix of Puerto Rican, Colombian, Italian, and some other.” Since then, Bannan has posted on Facebook to clarify…”I am racially white, and have always said that. However my cultural identity was formed as a result of my family, both chosen and chosen for me, and that has always been Latinx.” The term Latinx is the gender neutral version of Latino or Latina, but that’s about the only part of her statement that borders on making sense. In 2016, she can be seen onDemocracy Now!accepting condolences on behalf of the Puerto Rican community as 23 of the 49 victims of the Orlando nightclub massacre were from there. Then she was back on TV in 2018 speaking about the relief effort for the devastating hurricane in Puerto Rico, again giving the impression she was connected to there. Another who’s been caught in the act is Hilary Baldwin, who had been passing herself off asHilaria. She is married to actor Alec Baldwin who once said on David Letterman’s late night chat show…""my wife is from Spain.”There’s excruciating footage of Hilary claiming to have forgotten the English word for cucumber on a cooking show and even a repulsive Instagram video where she asks her daughter (Carmen) to compare her white skin to Hilary’s darker skin. This clip was from Martin Luther King Day 2019, as Carmen was off school and wondered why. The image crumbled when it was revealed that Hilary was born in Boston and her parents were also born in the US – she cleverly spoke of coming to New York aged 19, but didn t mention it was only from 190 miles away. Her references to her family back in Spain were in fact really an exaggeration, her parents simply retired to Majorca in 2011. The Spanish accent that she used on TV was flagged up by old schoolmates who said Hilary never spoke like that –one wrote online:“Genuinely lovely person, I recall, but fully a white girl from Cambridge.”Since the scandal, toy maker American Girl and clothing label Cuties Baby Care have ended partnerships with Hilary. Kelly Kean Sharp has also been outed and had to resign from her role as assistant professor of African American studies at Furman University in South Carolina. She came from Encinitas near San Diego and is white, but had been identifying as “Chicana” – an American woman of Mexican descent. A spokesman forFurman said:“We expect members of our community to be honest in the way they represent themselves to others.” Wisconsin Universitywas also caught up in this racial skullduggery, as one of their staff had to resign. CV Vitolo-Haddad is non-binary and was a teaching assistant, who let colleagues think they were black or Latino. They admitted:“I have let people make assumptions when I should have corrected them.” Worryingly, Vitolo-Haddad was a PhD candidate at the university’s school of Journalism and Mass Communication and could have gone on to become an influential voice in that sector. And that’s the motivation for all these frauds. They are pulling off a daring and seemingly illogical move, that is in fact deeply cynical and calculated. Generally, no one would question an individual claiming to be in a minority, as in Western nations that often means being part of a lower socio-economic bracket. In the same way turkeys don’t vote for Christmas, it seems perverse for anyone to wish to place themselves in a position where their opportunities would be limited due to societal barriers. The flip-side is white privilege, that anyone who is white doesn’t have to smash through a series of glass ceilings to progress. So why force yourself to face a myriad of problems unnecessarily? These charlatans have deduced that being the ‘right’ sort of oppressed minority can actually give you a boost. So if you want to be a campaigning lawyer and be invited onto boards or panels, then it’s better not to be seen as white. The same if you’re a celebrity, there’s so many white people on social media trying to gain a bigger audience and lucrative endorsements, so if you can be viewed as something else then you have less competition. They are also relying on the integrity and sense of fairness that most of the population want to see offered to everyone. So the good-minded folks don’t question a person’s race, they accept it and allow them to benefit from the help that should be reserved for those who genuinely need it. All of the women mentioned here who have been caught are betraying the legacy of the entire Latin/Hispanic community, who have suffered discrimination in America via the white-dominated system. But now they find out four of their representatives who were supposedly ploughing the furrow of enlightenment, are actually barefaced liars. Their actions to fatten their wallets, increase their Instagram followers and inflate their professional profile is killing the momentum that will deliver genuine equality. It will now lead to question marks and the cancel culture threat to anyone who now says they are Latin or Hispanic, but looks a little bit too white. It’s simply horrendous and should not be dismissed as a prank; this type of behaviour damages everyone. Nothing about this leaves anything but a bitter aftertaste. Those who have lived without prejudice are using it as an evil currency to boost their own status on the back of other people’s genuine suffering. Subscribeto RT newsletter to get stories the mainstream media won’t tell you. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512193-white-charlatans-fake-hispanic/
"11 Jan, 2021","Can America be saved? It would have to start with some TRUTH-TELLING and unselfishness, so…not so much","For those who hadn t noticed the obvious, the January 6 “insurrection” at the Capitol verified that America is at war with itself – long divorced from its principles of government “of the people, by the people and for the people.” ByTony Cox, a US journalist who has written or edited for Bloomberg and several major daily newspapers. Ironically, it was during the last civil war when President Abraham Lincoln spoke those eloquent words at Gettysburg, asserting that the honored dead had fallen in battle so America could have a“new birth of freedom”and govern with such dedication to the will of its people that it“shall not perish from the earth.” There are no Abraham Lincolns today. There are no statesmen. There is no one who sees any kind of picture bigger than a selfie. And eloquence? The new figurehead can t even tell his lies in coherent sentences or keep his hands to himself. There are selfish grifters who govern entirely on a me-first-me-last basis, seeing only their agendas and opportunities to seize more power. There are billionaires and foreign or otherwise special interests that buy and sell the egomaniacal hucksters. There are basement dwellers who burn, loot and brutalize to fight for disingenuous, racist causes. There are people in horned hats or tactical gear who break into the Capitol to sit at Nancy Pelosi desk or take souvenirs. At this moment of crisis, we get the usual crass opportunism. President-elect Joe Biden – the guy who vowed to heal and unify – essentially blames the failure of police to defend the Capitol on racism. These are the same police who have protected him for nearly five decades. But Biden and other Democrats can t resist the chance to falsely slash at and exploit America Achilles heel, the race weapon. Mainstream media outlets suddenly learn how to use words such as“riot”and“domestic terrorism,”and discover that violent protests aren t noble. They forget the talking points of last summer, when blacklivesmatter and Antifa rioterstorchedAmerica cities on false pretenses. They even help lead the effort to hunt down the perpetrators and destroy their lives. They and their social media partners work in unison to further silence non-conforming voices and brand them as dangerous villains. No longer do the propagandists quote Martin Luther King, saying that“a riot is the language of the unheard.”That because this time, the quote applies accurately. People fed up with being betrayed, lied to and falsely demonized have such little remaining hope in the system that pushing through a line of police at the Capitol can seem like a good idea. Many of these unheard manifested previously as theTea Party, which sprung up in 2009 to fight overreaching government, deficit spending and open borders. The response was predictable: lies. Brand the movement as being about, what else? Racism. Falsely accuse, then say it over and over and over again until the zombie armies believe it. Never, ever, ever listen to – let alone heed – the demands of the people. Keep the fake wars going. Keep the boot of illegal immigration on the throats of wage earners. Keep the government growing. Keep globalist interests on the front burner. If necessary, distract with some fake issues, liketransgender restroomsand Koran burning. Deflected, belittled and falsified, the people were so unheard by 2016 that they elected a reality show star. Most weren t foolish enough to think that he was a righteous man, but they saw him punch back at the so-called elites and stand up to manipulators in the media. More than anything, they were convinced that, unlike the Democrat and Republican rulers and media mouthpieces, Donald Trump didn t hate them. In fact, he showed love for them and vowed to govern in America in the best interests of its citizens. The usual tactics were deployed – have we mentioned skin color? – but the people were so excited at the prospect of having a president who at least a little bit on their side that they revolted. No media-pollster CONfidence game could keep them away from voting to Make America Great Again. They stood by Trump through the ups and downs and self-inflicted wounds of his presidency. Wave after wave of largely deceptive attacks failed to move them. Being called bigots, Russian agents and cultists didn t scare them away. And when Trump alleged that his re-election was stolen through massive fraud, they rallied to “stop the steal.” With those allegations dismissed by the courts mostly on procedural grounds – and any evidence supporting themquashed by the media and Big Techwithout being seriously investigated – the people are so angry and unheard in 2021 that we have a powder keg. The only way to diffuse it would be to start telling some truths and have a real reckoning with disenfranchised, working-class Americans. Auditing the election would be a good starting point. Biden himself should call for it. Tens of millions of people believe the result to be fraudulent. That alone is a crisis big enough to merit a real and independent investigation. If the allegations are as baseless and absurd as the media says, Biden has nothing to lose. He can build credibility and restore confidence in the nation political system by taking the magnanimous route and demanding a true accounting of the votes. That not where we re going. As in a Banana Republic, the ruling party is now seeking to prosecute its defeated political enemy while dehumanizing and destroying his supporters. With nine days left until Biden takes office, the corporatist-globalist establishment will race to impeach Trump again, and surely, he will need to be prosecuted for other alleged crimes after leaving office. His supporters also must be ruined to never rise again. The sins of individual wrongdoers will be overstated, such as when incoming Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer likens the Capitol breach to Japan 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. Those sins also will be applied to the whole populist-constitutionalist movement. The phrase“mostly peaceful”is forgotten. Corporations and governments are in the process of a witch hunt to fire those who are found to have participated in the protests, including those who merely demonstrated legally. Cancel mobs will seek to out them and destroy their lives. The absurd Pearl Harbor comparison illustrates the ruling class’ visceral hatred of flyover-country Americans. Former CIA internAnderson Cooper, the Vanderbilt heir and CNN host, revealed that hatred further, looking at footage of the protesters and saying with disgust that they will“go back to the Olive Garden and to the Holiday Inn”and discuss“the great day they had in Washington.” This doesn t end well. Deflecting and defaming people rather than honestly confronting their legitimate grievances has gotten America to this untenable point. The revolt has already escalated from the Tea Party uprising to electing Trump to violent protest. Do the Bidens, Schumers and Coopers of the world – and their backers in finance, Big Tech and arms manufacturing – really think that tens of millions of freedom-demanding Americans are going to curl up and obey because they re being called names again? How that working out so far? What comes next will be far uglier. America as we know it is over if it remains on this track. The present predicament hearkens back to another Lincoln speech, in which he used a line from the Bible to make his point:“A house divided against itself cannot stand.” Subscribeto RT newsletter to get stories the mainstream media won’t tell you. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512175-america-saved-truth-telling/
"11 Jan, 2021","Melania Trump condemns Capitol Hill violence, but draws hate from liberals for sympathizing with dead rioter","First Lady Melania Trump has denounced the Capitol Hill riot, writing that “violence is never acceptable.” However, Mrs. Trump was blasted for offering sympathy for Ashli Babbitt, the Trump supporter shot dead by police. With President Donald Trump banned from social media and otherwise silent, the first lady issued astatementon Monday condemning the riot on Capitol Hill last Wednesday, in which a pro-Trump mob forced its way inside the US Capitol to protest Congress’ certification of Joe Biden’s election victory. “Make no mistake about it, I absolutely condemn the violence that has occurred on our Nation’s Capitol,”she wrote.“Violence is never acceptable.” In a letter riddled with spelling mistakes, Mrs. Trump offered her sympathies to the six people who died during or after the riots, including an off-duty officer who died by apparent suicide on Sunday. However, liberals took issue with Mrs. Trump offering condolences to Ashli Babbitt, an Air Force veteran and Trump supporter who was shot dead by a Capitol police officer during the riot. The anti-Trump crowd called Babbitt a“domestic terrorist”and an“insurrectionist,”and hammered the first lady for listing Babbitt’s name before the two police officers in her statement. Melania praised Ashli Babbitt by name in her statement — an insurrectionist who tired to overthrow the government. 🙄pic.twitter.com/jPG2jJc5Fs In which Melania Trump says, ""my heart goes out to: Air Force Veteran, Ashli Babbit,...."" a domestic terrorist who was killed by federal law enforcement as she tried to gain entry to the Speaker Lobby during the invasion of the U.S. Capitol. 😡https://t.co/CKz0vQnbAj Donald Trump first told the insurrectionists “We Love You.”Now, Melania Trump releases a statement praising “Most recently, my heart goes out to: Air Force Veteran, Ashli Babbit.”Babbit was the insurrectionist killed while storming the Capitol to kill members of Congress.😳 Reaction to Babbitt’s death has been extreme, and split along familiar politicalfault lines. Seen by the most fervent Trump supporters as something of a martyr, the 14-year veteran was shown zero sympathy by liberals. Among some of the more extreme comments circulating on Twitter were onecelebratinghow Babbitt is now“feeding the worms,”while numerousparody accountspoking fun at her death are online. Mrs. Trump’s show of respect to Babbitt wasn’t the only issue liberals found in her statement. Five paragraphs in, the first lady moved away from praying for victims’ families to condemning the“salacious gossip, unwarranted personal attacks, and false misleading accusations”made against her since the riot. What gossip and attacks Mrs. Trump was referring to is unclear, and her critics accused her of using the opportunity to paint“herself as the real victim.” Melania Trump has issued a typo-filled statement painting herself as the real victim of the Capitol attack and lashing out at everyone who reported that she refused to cancel her photo shoot during the attack. Surprised she didn’t throw in a “fuck Christmas” for good measure. In a statement, the First Lady expresses sympathy for slain rioters, as well as slain police officers, in the same sentence. She then spends a paragraph speaking up for another victim: herself.https://t.co/8xBdlrAo4T Though the left raged at Mrs. Trump for equating Babbitt’s death with those of two police officers, most liberals didn’t show the same reverence for the badge last summer. Amid wall-to-wall coverage of ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ riots, few pundits and commentators eulogized David Dorn, an African-American retired police captainshot deadby a rioter in St. Louis, Missouri. With the fallout from Wednesday’s riot continuing, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has demanded that Vice President Mike Pence immediately invoke the 25th Amendment to remove President Trump from office. Should Pence decline, Pelosi has promised to bring articles of impeachment to a vote by Tuesday. Efforts to oust him notwithstanding, Trump will leave office on January 20, when Biden is inaugurated. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512169-melania-trump-condemns-riot/
"11 Jan, 2021","Welcome to the Big Tech Sweepstakes, where BLM looters win corporate prizes, and Capitol Hill rioters get the boot!","Step up ladies and gentlemen, and take a chance to have your movement promoted by the Silicon Valley overlords, who really aren’t in bed with the Democratic Party, honest. You can trust us, we’ve fact-checked it for you! Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Hello and thank you for participating in the Big Tech Sweepstakes, where your political movement could win the approval of the mighty corporations that now dominate your lives! Isn’t democracy great? Oh look, we have a contestant! Could you please state your name, sir, and tell us a little bit about yourself? BLM: Hi, sure, my name is blacklivesmatter , but my friends call me BLM. I am a social justice movement that first appeared in 2013 after the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the murder of the black teenager Trayvon Martin. But my real claim to fame came with the nationwide protests that began in May 2020 with the death of George Floyd, a black man, who was killed during an arrest by a racist white cop. And are you certain the cop was a racist? I mean, isn’t it possible the officer was just poorly trained to responsibly carry out his duties? BLM: Hello? As I said, he was white. And, as critical race theoryteaches, racism is practically a genetic trait of all white people. Their inherent sense of privilege and superiority, cultivated for a long time without resistance, has led to the oppression of minorities throughout history. This makes all white people complicit in the rise of white supremacy, the scourge of our times. Now it’s our duty to let white folks out of their racist closets, so to speak. I see. That’s very moving and inspirational! Is there anything else that has motivated you to speak out on this momentous issue? BLM: Well, as you might imagine, such a movement could never get off the ground without cash, boatloads of it. And with the help of some very generous philanthropy, not least of all from George Soros, I was able to organize a worldwide movement against the systemic racism that is gnawing away at the soul of America. Today, we even have entire sports teams taking the knee during the national anthem, for example, as well as massive corporate sponsorship to protest against racist police. Not a cell phone in sight, just people living in thr moment.pic.twitter.com/Pwm2RZgZXe Well, that is certainly awe-inspiring and very liberal! Okay, just a minute, we have another contestant here. Please, tell us your name and a little bit about yourself. ATV: Hello. My name is Angry Trump Voter (ATV), and, well, I’m furious. Oh dear, that’s too bad. Hey, wait! Aren’t you the guy who just ransacked the Capitol building in Washington, DC during the Electoral College vote count? ATV: Well, I didn’t exactly ransack the place. Please understand that emotions were running high and the police presence wasn’t exactly what it should have been. In any case, I have been ignored and ridiculed by the media for four long years and, to be honest, I am sick and tired of it. So one thing led to another and before I knew it, the police were waving me into the complex. BLM: Excuse me, if I may interrupt for just a moment. Sure, go ahead, BLM. BLM: Angry Trump Voter, what you did in the capital of our great nation was truly disgusting and despicable. You and your deplorable racist rabble defiled the very heart of our democracy. You deserve everything you get for that unforgivable crime! ATV: Well, BLM, aren’t you one to talk about defiling our country! It takes a special kind of hypocrite to burn the American flag, kneel during the American anthem and pull down statues of the American founders. And now you feign horror as Trump supporters dare to take an unscheduled tour of the Capitol Building during working hours? How quickly everyone forgets that just months ago, you were looting and burning a swath across the country, forcing people by threat of physical violence to declare their support of the BLM cause. Most Americans are not racist, you know. Good morning to everyone except Commies who think they’re going to silence free speech in the USA. Not happening. Gentlemen, please! If we can just calm down and discuss this calmly and rationally… BLM: We are fighting for a just cause! The noblest of them all, the equality of all men! But you, Angry Trump Voter, have desecrated the holiest of the holies, the very seat of our representative government! ATV: First, BLM, we are not racists. The media will never tell you that more black people joined the republicanparty under Donald Trump than under any other conservative presidency in recent history. And yes, it is true that I entered the Capitol building, and perhaps that was unwise. But I did not loot or commit arson or declare a ‘self-autonomous zone’ like you did in Seattle alongside your radical Antifa buddies. Unfortunately, some people lost their lives, but far more people died over the course of the BLM riots, with far more physical damage sustained. And let’s not forget that you too, BLM, attacked federal property, particularly the Portland courthouse, where you engaged in violence against federal troops! BLM: Dear misguided Angry Trump Voter, I’ll have you know that BLM engaged in mostly peaceful protests, and even CNN supports that claim. But you looted from the Capitol building and behaved outrageously! Why, you put your feet up on Nancy Pelosi’s desk inside of her private office and even swiped her laptop! Wait a second. You put your feet on the desk of the Speaker of the House? ATV: Well, it was just for a selfie. I couldn’t resist. In any case, aside from the speaker’s podium, and a few other souvenirs, yes, I took Miss Pelosi’s laptop. BLM: That is truly disgusting behavior, Angry Trump Voter. I am mortified and repulsed! Please, enlighten me. What is this strange fascination that you Trump people have with laptops anyways? First it was Hillary Clinton’s laptop, and then it was Hunter Biden’s. Now, you admit to stealing Nancy Pelosi’s laptop! You act like common street thugs! ATV: Well, BLM, did you really expect me to waltz out of the Capitol building with nothing more than widescreen TVs and Nike sneakers like you and Antifa have a habit of doing during your looting sprees? And let’s face it, who knows what unsavory surprises one may find on a laptop. DEVELOPING: Democrats in both the House and Senate are planning to draft legislation to classify MAGA rallies as ""domestic terrorist activity"" and require the FBI, DOJ & DHS to take steps to prevent such ""domestic terrorism."" Sen. Durbin is leading effort along with Rep Schneider Oh, I have heard enough. This is unspeakable. To sneak a peek into a person’s laptop is no better than rifling through their underwear drawer. There are some lines that must not be crossed, sir! ATV: Big Tech, you are employing cheap hyperbole, hypocrisy and theatrics, just like everyone else on the left. For four years, Angry Trump Voter has been subjected to endless media-fueled conspiracy theories – debunked hoaxes like Russiagate and impeachment – and now you want to ignore any discussions about the possibility that the elections of November 3 were rigged in favor of Joe Biden. You want to play judge, jury and executioner based on your personal political beliefs, and then you wonder why a throng of people showed up in Washington, DC demanding attention. Big Tech, you are not an impartial arbitrator! Angry Trump Voter, I am very sorry, but I have heard more than enough of this nonsense. By the power invested in me, I have no other choice but to terminate your physical presence and the presence of your rascally leader, Donald J. Trump, from all social media platforms. You are a menace to society and a threat to yourself. ATV: What!? You can’t just shut down the voices of 75 million Americans! They will never stand for it! I m sorry, it already been done. Oh, and please don’t hate me. Understand that I am working in your best interest. I am merely protecting you from yourself! Otherwise, at the encouragement of your reckless leader, you may go out and do something outrageous again. ATV: This is an outrage! We have behaved no worse than BLM or Antifa! We will defeat you! We will smash your monopolistic grip on free speech! We have a constitution! Guards, please, remove this angry man from my sight! Such unacceptable behavior! BLM, I apologize that you had to witness such an unsightly scene. You win today’s Sweepstakes and will get millions more in corporate support. And hopefully with Joe Biden as president we can finally look forward to an age of peace and unity in the United States. BLM: God willing! No BLM, Big Tech willing! Test. Anyone there? I think they got me ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512160-big-tech-sweepstakes-trump-blm/
"11 Jan, 2021",America’s risible coup attempt showed us yet again that white men are facing an existential crisis,"What’s the trouble with white men? It’s a legitimate question to ask. Last week’s Capitol riot was the latest in a series of events on both sides of the Atlantic that suggest they have lost their sense of place in the world. David Matthewsis a writer whose work has appeared in The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday and the Observer, and on the BBC and Channel 4. He is the author of several books, including Voices of the Windrush Generation. Follow him on Twitter@mrdavematthews. For me, one of the most iconicimagesof 2020 was that of 50-year-old father and grandfather of three Patrick Hutchinson, a black man, who was snapped saving a white ‘protester’ from a beating after a demonstration in London. Hutchinson and a group of friends were attending a right-wing rally in ‘defence’ of British monuments last summer – not in support of it, but to prevent blacklivesmatter counter-demonstrators from clashing with a mob of overweight, balding, middle-aged ‘patriots’ who had decided to converge on the capital and stand up against BLM, the metropolitan elite, the police and anyone else who stood in their way. Hutchinson, and many others, both online and on the streets, had counselled both sides against violence. In the event, he wound up saving the bacon of 55-year-old Bryn Male, a retired transport cop and Millwall fan who was set upon by a small faction. During the fracas, Hutchinson was caught on camera shouldering the drooping, pathetic Male in a fireman’s carry through a crowd of BLM supporters and oddly static riot police. While many focused on the physically impressive Hutchinson, it’s the limp, crestfallen, defeated Male that really tells the bigger story. And it’s a story that’s being told on both sides of the Atlantic about a much maligned, put upon and undoubtedly confused ethnic group: the average white man. An American episode of this story unfolded last week as a legion of weekend warriors and make-believe revolutionaries in designer camo, $200 hiking boots and assorted fancy dress performed an ‘attempted coup’ in the US by waltzing into the Capitol in Washington, largely unopposed. Without denigrating the political, symbolic, and human cost of the tragic events in D.C., one can easily afford the rabble or, as President-elect Joe Biden called them,“insurrectionists and domestic terrorists”a degree of power and influence they simply don’t deserve. Much has been made of the ease with which the mob broke into the Capitol – and how an equivalent BLM or Muslim insurgency would have been instantly napalmed. Perhaps, when faced with those Trump-inspired protesters dressed as comic bookVikings, Grizzly Adams fanboys and Village People, the neutered security services were overwhelmed by the sheer absurdity of it all – and the white privilege such juvenile behaviour engenders. Another way of looking at, given the crucial role that old-time religion plays in American public life, is this: has an increasingly infantilised US culture spared the rod and spoiled the child? Or put another way, if white America doesn’t take itself seriously enough to tear gas and shoot other white people when they trample over democracy, aren’t more of these privileged insurrections to be expected, especially if the state continues to sponsor inequality by meting out excessive force to ‘the other’ while letting white miscreants off the hook? Like Marlon Brando in The Wild Ones, if you asked any one of the rabble last week what they were rebelling against, they would have dribbled,“Whaddaya got?”One“domestic terrorist”, having gained entry to US House of Representatives Speaker, Nancy Pelosi’s office, simply sat in herchairand posed for photographs. Another had showed up ready to bring truth to power wearing his work ID. It’s as though they want to get caught. Or more accurately, it’s as though they have no concept of how to avoid capture, let alone mount a revolution. As uprisings went, it was less Arab Spring and more American Pie. Apart from the commentariat’s view that the rabble had been ‘radicalised’ by Trump, what did they expect to achieve? Another failed legal bid to overturn a legitimate election result? The pack of jokers were the mirror image of the UK ‘Remoaners,’ who, nearly five years after the 2016 European Union referendum, are still in denial about the Brexit result. But there’s the rub: despite being diametrically opposed, politically and ideologically, the MAGA revolutionaries and Remoaners have one thing in common – a cry-baby sense of lost white entitlement. Faced with the multiple challenges of trade wars, cold wars, hot wars, culture wars, inter-federal and intra-federation crises – with Covid the cherry on top – white male America, like white male Britain, is at an existential fork in the road. Is the enemy within, or with-out? Do they follow BLM’s lead and stand up for themselves; or line up against BLM, Antifa, the Jews, gays, the trans lobby, Muslims, women (at least the ones who answer back) and anyone else who isn’t a straight, white male? Have real and perceived external threats, such as wars on terror, wars on drugs and wars against ideologies, philosophies and ancient cultures overextended the average white male’s reach? Is having to compete on a (not even) level playing field really that hard? Essentially, what’s the trouble with white men? This isn’t a facetious question. Some of my best friends are white. In fact, I’ve asked the self-same question, on a more modest scale, of my own brethren. In 2004, I presented a three-part documentary series for BBC3 called The Trouble With Black Men ­– an exploration of some of the thornier issues young Afro-Caribbean males faced at the time, significantly around black masculinity and relationships, struggles with the education system and the workplace, and stereotypical associations with crime. The series was undoubtedly ground-breaking. But when I later met with the BBC to discuss a follow-up and pitched ‘The Trouble With White Men,’ the idea was dismissed as“obvious”despite evidence to suggest that the average white male was not – and still isn’t – a happy bunny. But then, as much of the British media is populated by white women, maybe there’s an internecine war going on that I haven’t been invited to. Average white male friends tell me the world is changing and they feel ill-equipped to deal with it; so they escape into football, booze, drugs and porn. And, while ordinarily they have the economic means to juggle these distractions while raising families, holding down jobs, paying off the mortgage and enjoying a couple of weeks a year in the sun, the free rein and lack of competition they once enjoyed is ebbing away. White men, I venture, are having a collective meltdown and the neat political movements that seek to co-opt or disempower them aren’t thinking about their ‘troubles’ but merely exploiting them for their own agenda. The idea that Donald Trump thinks those Capitol clowns are“special”is as much of a joke as liberal opprobrium against them is an underhanded insult to millions of people who maybe look like them, but certainly don’t act like them. The average white male isn’t railing against BLM, Remoaners, the Democrats, women, the Labour Party and all that jazz – he’s railing against himself. He can be an airline pilot, a Hollywood actor, a tech billionaire… but where are the coal mines left to work in, the car plants to run, the trenches to be dug and the noble wars to be fought? If a robot hasn’t taken his job, some dude 10,000 miles away has. And for all of the black diaspora’s hardships, our arc is ever upward – which makes the average white man look increasingly out of touch. As Tom Ripley says in The Talented Mr Ripley,“I always thought it would be better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.”And that’s what last week’s ‘revolution’ was: a fake coup staged by a bunch of nobodies – a sentiment that’s being reflected in countless ironic, sarcastic and mocking memes. Amid the tragicomedy, it’s easy to take cheap shots at the ‘enemy.’ Joe Biden wants to embark on the long process of“healing”America. Good luck with that. I just hope he can inspire a nation of Pat Hutchinsons while saving the souls of a few Bryn Males. Now, that would be a real revolution. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512157-america-coup-attempt-white-men/
"11 Jan, 2021","The Casablanca exit plan: If you’ve got a brain and a wallet, there are some easy loopholes to avoid the UK’s Covid lockdown","I’ve been lucky enough to flee virus-ravaged Britain, and if you look at the government’s own guidance, there are plenty of holes to be exploited. David Matthewsis a writer whose work has appeared in The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday and the Observer, and on the BBC and Channel 4. He is the author of several books, including Voices of the Windrush Generation. Follow him on Twitter@mrdavematthews. While Britain’s Tory government wobbles under the weight of its own incompetence, one of the oddest features of its half-baked response to the Covid crisis has been the gaping loopholes it’s handed to citizens who have the wit, guile and means to ‘get out of Dodge’. Like the organiser of a children’s treasure hunt, prime minstrel Boris Johnson leads each new public announcement by leaving handy clues on how to not just avoid the UK’s party-pooping lockdown measures but slip out of Britain altogether for those who find SARS-CoV-2 a bit of a bore. Take the latest National lockdown: Stay at Homeadvice:“You can only travel internationally – or within the UK – where you first have a legally permitted reason to leave home. In addition, you should consider the public health advice in the country you are visiting.”But what does“legally permitted”really mean? Reading between the lines, the Tories are giving away a free pass to anyone who fancies bending the rules – and has the resources and wherewithal to get away with it. For instance, who doesn’t have some sort of contractual obligation or family problem somewhere in the world that stands up on its own merits, or could be, let’s say, fashioned into an escape plan?  The government’s“reasonable excuse”that“you may leave home to fulfil legal obligations or to carry out activities related to buying, selling, letting or renting a residential property”sounds pretty vague to me. But if“legal obligations”sounds too fudgy, and you happen to be a professional, self-employed, a sole trader, an entrepreneur or even just fancy a change of scenery then the“work”or even“volunteering”clauses should cover it. As a journalist who’s contractually obligated by a publisher to write a book (I am) which potentially involves foreign travel (it does), I’d say if I hadn’t already buggered off I’d be free to leave the country – along with around half of the population. What’s really telling about the Tories’ phony travel ban is the bourgeois nature of it. If you invite some friends and family over to your modest flat to celebrate your daughter’s 21st birthday (something an old friend did recently) you could wind up facing a £10,000 fine. But jump in an Uber, head to the“free zone”of an airport and jet off to your gite in Provence and the worst that can happen is a £200 slap on the wrist. But who’s going to stop you, anyway? Where are the roadblocks, police checks or armed guards? Having a“contract”you can wave in some petty official’s face is now the ultimate McGuffin. It’s literally a“letter of transit”akin to the mythical exit visas so valued in Michael Curtiz’s 1942 Hollywood wartime classic, ‘Casablanca’. After escaping a Britain occupied by Covid recently, and finally making it to the“free world”of the Caribbean, I feel like the star of my very own ‘Casablanca’ while those I’ve left behind are bit part players in a weird political psychodrama. For despite Thatcher’s famous line that there’s“no such thing as society”and Brexiteers’ claim that they’ve“taken back control,”millions of Tory-loving Brits have become incapable of that most reactionary of traits: self-preservation. I have friends who have been floored by Covid, and lost relatives to it. Even as I write, a dear friend’s father is fighting for his life in ICU. Crucially, as a member of the so-called“BAME”community – and specifically a male of African descent – I’m nearlythree times more likelyto die of Covid than a white male counterpart. Whatever the origins of the virus, or the mouth-foaming conspiracy theories of certain social commentators, the virus’s deadly effects, right here, right now, seem pretty real to me. As I like breathing, by the end of November 2020 it was time to get out – while I still could. This may sound rich, but for me, leaving a country suffocated by a bumbling leadership wasn’t just a matter of survival – it was also an act of patriotism. Why bother hanging around when you not only have the means and opportunity to get out, but you can also help to free up vital resources via your absence? As a ‘digital nomad’, my tax pounds still go into Her Majesty’s coffers, so Britain gets all the benefits of me working remotely in the Caribbean and none of the burden on its infrastructure. At the heart of Casablanca’s narrative is the complex relationship between Humphrey Bogart’s cynical Rick Blaine, Ingrid Bergman’s ice cool Ilsa Lund and Czech Resistance leader, Victor Laszlo, played impeccably by Paul Henreid. In their own ways, each character is involved in an inner conflict about“doing the right thing”and thus by extension, the Venn diagram of the effect that their individual decisions have on each other and the wider world. In other words, the entire plot of Casablanca twists and turns, moment by moment, scene by scene, and act by act on a series of good versus bad or right versus wrong decisions. As a metaphor for Britain’s Covid age, Casablanca surpasses any of the slop that filmic or televisual dramas serve up these days. Boris Johnson’s Churchillian vaudeville act is in keeping with a creative landscape in the West that offers scant inspiration let alone introspection concerning the challenge of our age. If ‘Black Mirror’ or ‘Tenet’ is as good as it gets, then God help us. In the absence of effective political leadership and a litany of local, regional and central government public health scandals, where are the examinations of the state and its agencies? Compared with 1970s Hollywood, where paranoiac noir such as ‘Chinatown’, ‘Capricorn One’ and even the ‘Dirty Harry’ franchise asked serious questions about good governance, corruption and freedom of expression, what we get are scraps thrown at a credulous public by a Tory regime that doesn’t know its carrot from its stick. While there’s nothing illegal about applying the government’s travel rules and regulations with the maximum amount of minimal observance, voices from on high – and I mean HIGH – have started to question the ethics, morality and even spiritual meaning of leaving one’s country folk behind to die a slow, painful death while you sip mango daiquiris and work on your tan on some idyllic Caribbean beach. Pope Francis has berated callous tourists who have chosen to“escape the lockdown,”and ignore the suffering of their fellow citizens. In his weekly Sunday address, the Pontiff said:“I read in the papers something that quite saddened me: In a country – I don’t remember which – to escape the lockdown and have a good vacation more than 40 planes took off that afternoon.” I have no idea which country the papal one was referring to, but I’d bet the house on it being the UK. The Pope added:“Those people are good people, but didn’t they think of those who stayed at home, to the economic problems of many people who have been knocked down by the pandemic, to those who are ill?”before delivering an excoriating, if somewhat self-evident payoff, that these tourists’ desire was,“only to go on vacation, to have fun.” Far be it for me to argue with God’s representative on Earth, especially as part of me feels (and fears) deeply for friends and family who are trapped by work commitments and bound up in children’s schooling, relationships or concerned about elderly or frail parents. My mother and father are long gone, so other than my eldest daughter, who’s in her early 20s and carving out her own stellar MSM career (now from the comfort of her bedroom), I have barely any family left in the UK. A younger, feistier, more easily distracted me would probably have found exchanging the dynamism of London – a megacity of nine million – for somewhere with barely 300,000 people a little challenging. But faced with the UK’s 82,624+ andrising Covid deathsversus Barbados’sseven fatalities, and the physical, mental and economic fallout of staying in an increasingly tense London against riding out the storm in a tropical idyll where I can literally live the dream of writing on the beach, well… I don’t know where Covid-19 came from. And quite frankly, right now I don’t give a damn. Rather than indulge in meaningless conspiracy theories my concern is for the immediate and mid-term medical and economic effects – both which I have some agency over. So you can stick around and think you’re being a hero by standing up to Covid and laughing in its face. You can listen to the Hitchens and the Hopkins and all the other nativists who are quadrupling down on their conspiracy theories and agenda-laden rhetoric while the virological Nazis pummel the gates of Paris, a la Casablanca. Or you can use your brain and your wallet and get out while you can. You never know, if you act quickly enough there might even be something worth going back to. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511959-uk-covid-quit-country/
"10 Jan, 2021","‘Witch hunt’? Police officers & firefighters probed, employees losing jobs for partaking in US Capitol protest-turned-riot","Seattle police department is investigating two of its officers after finding out they were in Washington, DC, as public and private employees face scrutiny for partaking in the pro-Trump rally-turned-riot at the US Capitol. “The department fully supports all lawful expressions of First Amendment freedom of speech, but the violent mob and events that unfolded at the US Capitol were unlawful and resulted in the death of another police officer,”Seattle Police Chief Adrian Diaz said on Friday night in astatement. The two officers were placed on administrative leave during the investigation. Any officers who were“directly involved”in the""insurrection""at the Capitol will be fired right away, Diaz said. The probe comes as businesses and governments across the US look tojettisonemployees who may have taken part in Wednesday violent protest in Washington to fight the certification of President-elect Joe Biden electoral votes. The CEO of suburban Chicago-based data analytics firm Cogensia was fired on Friday after being arrested over his alleged role in the riot, as was the associate general counsel of Texas-based Goosehead Insurance. The latter claimed he was peacefully demonstrating. READ MORE: USA Today asks to ID rioters in Capitol invasion. Readers question why summer unrest was treated differently A Chicago real estate agent alsolost her jobafter saying on social media that she took part in“storming the Capitol.”A Saint Vincent College professor wascut looseby the Pennsylvania school after he shared pictures of himself outside the Capitol on Wednesday. The president of the Richmond Food Truck Association was forced to resign for participating in the protest. And as the Seattle investigation shows, public-sector employers also are cracking down. The Allentown School District in Pennsylvania has a similar investigation underway, concerning an employee who may have been involved in the protest. The city of Pittsburghsaidon Saturday that any employees who are found to have participated in the“deadly insurrection”will face“appropriate disciplinary action.”The FBI is reportedly investigating whether New York Cityfirefighterswere involved in the breach of the Capitol. A photo on social media showed a man standing near the Capitol entrance, wearing a jacket marked“FDNY Squad 252”on the back. A department spokesman told the New York Post that the man is“believed to be retired.” The head of the Richmond Food Truck Association is out after attending the rally.pic.twitter.com/CxdXWQ5oN2 The crackdown is raising questions over whether people who took part in the DC protests peacefully and legally will be lumped in with law-breakers and punished. 99% there did nothing wrong. But don t let that stop your witch hunt! “Are people gonna lose their jobs for just being at the Trump march… and not the Capitol raid? Because if so, that a bit much,”Twitter commentator Ian Miles Cheong tweeted. Another observer added:“Ninety-nine percent there did nothing wrong, but don t let that stop your witch hunt.” They re probably getting raises Others pointed out the contrast in employer reaction to last summer blacklivesmatter and Antifa riots across the US.“What the big deal?”one commentersaid.“Y all had BLM tearing up the country for six months.”Another observer asked:“What if their employees are involved with Antifa or BLM?” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512048-capitol-riot-employees-fired/
"9 Jan, 2021",The Democrat-Big Tech censorship alliance just ran a masterclass in media control for dictators around the world,"Despite the mewling of the spineless American media, the real coup this week wasn’t committed by President Trump’s supporters, but by his opponents. They’re writing a manual on modern regime change, and it’s ready for export. When President Donald Trump’s supporters forced their way inside the US Capitol on Wednesday, they did not act as a unified force bent on seizing power. Instead they snapped selfies, looted souvenirs, and engaged in petty vandalism. While the rampage ended in tragedy for the protester shot dead by police, the police officer fatally injured, and the three others who suffered“medical emergencies”and died, it was soon snuffed out and Congress returned to work that evening to certify Joe Biden’s electoral victory. Their ringleader even urged them to go home and committed himself to the“seamless”transition of power to Joe Biden. Worst. Coup. Ever. Yet politicians on all sides and their enablers in the media swiftly declared it an“armed insurrection,”a“coup attempt,”and an example of“domestic terrorism.”‘Never Trump’ Republican Kurt BardelladescribedWednesday’s events as“symbolically worse than Pearl Harbor or 9/11,”while pundits described the littering and hooliganism as an assault on the“temple of our democracy”– you know, the same temple where respectable politicians vote on which foreign land their young soldiers will die in next. Worse than 9/11 according to our sacred news media:pic.twitter.com/MnxmiCWXrj There’s endless arguments to be made calling out the hypocrisy of America’s elites, who stood idly by as blacklivesmatter and Antifa rioters burned and looted the country all summer long, but principles do not matter to these people. Only naked power and the will to wield it. And wield it they did. As has become abundantly clear since Wednesday, the real coup was not against America’s ruling class, but by them. President Trump was immediately condemned by the media and lawmakers in both parties, as was expected. However, condemnation was followed by a chorus of elected officials demanding Trump be removed from office on grounds of unfitness to lead, using the 25th Amendment. Failing that, Democrats began hastily drawing up articles of impeachment against the president, with a vote on them expected as early as Monday. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi moved to restrict Trump’s powers as commander-in-chief, consulting with military top brass to prevent what she called“an unstable president from initiating military hostilities or accessing the launch codes and ordering a nuclear strike.” Incoming President Joe Biden compared pro-Trump Republicans to Nazis and promised to direct the Justice Department to lead a crackdown on“domestic terrorism.”The equation of Trump supporters to terrorists here is implicit. As politicians used every tool at their disposal to box Trump in, their allies in Silicon Valley made an unprecedented move. Trump was permanently banned from Twitter, his primary means of communication with the public, while thousands of accounts belonging to his supporters were deleted. A slew of other social media companies indefinitely suspended the president, with Facebook going further and banning all posts offering“praise and support”to the rioters, forbidding the sharing of images from inside the Capitol, and banning the organizing of similar protests. The significance of Silicon Valley’s involvement can not be overstated. Big Tech worked hand-in-glove with big government to de-person the president of the United States of America and prevent his supporters from organizing. Why such a crackdown would be instigated with just over a week left in Trump’s presidency boggles the mind. The social media companies have offered the justification of“keeping us safe,”but that’s likely a cop-out. Rather, by giving Trump theAlex Jonestreatment, they’ve effectively made him political poison and hampered any attempt he may make at announcing a 2024 bid. They’ve also set out a roadmap for how the Washington/Silicon Valley alliance will deal with any future threats to its power. Former First Lady Michelle Obama made this explicit on Thursday when shecalled ontech firms to step up their censorship efforts so that future“insurrection”can be prevented. Cutting off an opponent’s access to the media is step one in the regime change playbook, and the US government would know, havingwritten severalof them. When US-sponsored protesters deposed Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic in 2000, the first building they seized after parliament was a TV station. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan avoided a communications blackout by using FaceTime to address the public during an attempted coup against him in 2016. Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak cut off internet access as protesters organized against him in 2011. Every coup or counter-coup hinges on media control, and the only difference between the deplatforming of Trump and the examples above are that for the first time,foreign regime-changestrategies are being openly deployed by Americans, against Americans, in America. As the country’s most despicable journalists and pundits cheer for the unaccountable tech tyrants, budding dictators abroad are surely taking notes. Building relationships with the tech titans is the modern equivalent of seizing a television studio, and popular movements can be easily suppressed with their cooperation. If the world’s loudest and proudest democracy is doing it, why can’t they? And who’s to say Silicon Valley’s giants themselves would stop at the US border? What is to stop them taking a dislike to some politician overseas and snuffing them out like Donald Trump? After all if the leader of the most powerful nation on Earth can be deleted, what chance do the rest of them have? Back in the US, Trump has far more supporters than the mob who broke into the Capitol on Wednesday. He has 75 million of them, more than the population of the UK. Denied the opportunity to speak freely online and with their views branded as“extremist,”would anyone be surprised if they decided to take more drastic action? After all, the regime changemanualcloses with a warning: an attempted coup only ever addresses“immediate issues and short-term, rather than longer-term, interests.”For the US, these long-termconsequencescould have the political class pining for a return to Wednesday’s hooliganism. Subscribeto RT newsletter to get stories the mainstream media won’t tell you. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/512044-capitol-democrats-coup-trump/
"9 Jan, 2021",BLM supporters melt down after Kenosha shooter Kyle Rittenhouse spotted LEGALLY drinking beer at a Wisconsin bar,"Accused teen murderer Kyle Rittenhouse has again triggered left-wing activists into fits of rage, this time by legally drinking a beer with his parents at a Wisconsin bar and wearing a T-shirt declaring that he “free as f***.” Photos of Rittenhouse outing earlier this week at Pudgy Pub in Mount Pleasant, Wisconsin, began circulating on social media on Friday, spurring outraged responses and an investigation by local police. It turns out that it legal in Wisconsin for an 18-year-old to drink beer at a tavern in the company of a parent or guardian – and police said that contrary to online speculation, the incident didn t violate the teen $2 million bond agreement. @CNNthis is Kyle Rittenhouse, out on bail at a bar drinking beer. Doesn’t this violate some laws? 🤔pic.twitter.com/dd4I6OyO0O The photos were taken on Tuesday, the same day that Rittenhouse entered a plea of not guilty to charges of murder and attempted murder at his arraignment in Kenosha. Rittenhouse, then 17, shot and killed two rioters and wounded a third at a blacklivesmatter protest on August 25 in Kenosha. The teen defense lawyers – citing video footage that showed him being attacked by three men – have claimed he acted in self-defense. Rittenhouse quickly became a symbol of America political divisions, with Democrat politicians ranging from President-elect Joe Biden to US Representative Ayanna Pressley smearing him, without evidence, as a white supremacist. Republicans, on the other hand, raised money for his bond and championed his cause as a fight for self-defense and Second Amendment rights. The polarization was again evident when the Pudgy Pub pictures surfaced, with BLM supporters outraged that Rittenhouse would dare drink a beer, smile or wear a provocative T-shirt. Skin color was again the underlying theme. “Neo-fascism is about absconding all rules for themselves while enacting genocide on us – with applause and without consequence,”BLM Chicago said Saturday on Twitter. Kyle Rittenhouse, 17 (underage), can apparently enter bars (unmasked) in Wisconsin after murdering one and shooting 2 at the Jacob Blake protests in Kenosha. Neo-fascism is about absconding all rules for themselves while enacting genocide on us - with applause & w/o consequence.https://t.co/jxdBtJPxiG Others suggested that Rittenhouse, an Illinois resident who traveled to Kenosha for his arraignment, may have broken some law by being out of state, and that the tavern should bestrippedof its liquor license, even though he was drinking legally. Still others renewedcallsforviolent attackson theteenand set about trying to ruin the tavern reputation withfalse reviews. Smoke his asshttps://t.co/9UB9I5r2OK the place is apparently called Pudgy’s Pub located in Racine WI and it would be such a shame if they got shut down for serving a minor (whos on bail) alcohol and not enforcing a mask mandate haha! “The ‘free as f*** shirt is a nice touch to the `f*** you that is our judicial system,”one Twitter commenter said.“This country may just be broken beyond repair.” Kyle Rittenhouse is not only out on bail, but is hanging out with his mom drinking in Racine, WI. The ""free as fuck"" shirt is a nice touch to the fuck you that is our judicial system. This country may just be broken beyond repair.pic.twitter.com/fFMJzb9Ryt Author Sami Schalk agreed,saying,“I just cannot believe the f***ing gall of these white supremacists – murderers just walking around like it no big deal.” Rittenhouse supporters countered by arguing that he acted in self-defense and wasentitledto legallyenjoy a beer.“Hero of the republic,”one commenter tweeted.“All he was doing was stopping the coup of the Wisconsin government in Kenosha.” Hero of the republic, all he was doing was stopping the coup of the WI government in Kenosha Tensions over violence in Kenosha were exacerbated earlier this week, when District Attorney Michael Gravely announced that the officer who shot Jacob Blake seven times in the back – setting off BLM protests in the city – will not face state criminal charges. Blake was armed with a knife and had resisted efforts to arrest him, including being shot with a Taser, before apparently attempting to leave the scene in his car, Gravely said on Monday. “F*** everything about this, and while we re at it, f**k anyone who supporters murderer Kyle Rittenhouse,”incensed actor Vincent Martella said. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512040-rittenhouse-drinks-beer-blm/
"9 Jan, 2021","After Capitol Hill riots, children rat out their right-wing parents to the media","With authorities tracking down the Trump supporters who barged into the US Capitol, teenagers have eagerly turned in their own family members who took part in the riot, and the media has encouraged the Stasi-style snitching. Days after President Donald Trump’s supporters forced their way into the US Capitol and ran riot throughout the building, police and prosecutors are working to identify and track down members of the mob. DC police have already arrested at least 80 people, and Washington DC Attorney General Karl Racine told ABC News on Friday that his office would scour the internet for leads and ask the public to send in tips. However, a number of young people didn’t need to be asked twice. 18-year-old Helena Duke wasprofiledby Buzzfeed News on Friday for publicly outing her own mother, aunt, and uncle after she saw them in a photo from the Capitol. Duke told Buzzfeed that she ratted out her own family after her mother forbade her from attending a blacklivesmatter protest earlier this year. “Hi mom remember the time you told me I shouldn t go to BLM protests bc they could get violent...this you?""she tweeted alongside a video showing her mother bleeding from the nose following a scuffle with a black woman. The tweet earned Duke praise from some liberal commentators but backlash from conservatives, and the teenager has since locked her Twitter account. However, she told Buzzfeed that she’s received messages from other teens who saw their family at the riot and agonized over whether to turn them in or not. One of these teenage touts, Robyn Sweet, wasinterviewedby Buzzfeed a day earlier. Sweet suspected her father – a supporter of Trump and member of a militia group – would travel to Washington for Trump’s rally on Wednesday, and outed him publicly after he was arrested inside the Capitol. Sweet told Buzzfeed that she was“ashamed and disgusted”by her father’s beliefs and actions, and said she no longer speaks to him due to his“conspiracy theories”and involvement in right-wing groups. Whatever the consequences for their familial relations, the US media has encouraged friends and relatives of rioters to inform on them to police. CNN hasboostedcalls for information from the FBI – while simultaneously describing thesocial ostracizationthat awaits them – and USA Today has asked its readers to fill out a form if they recognize any of the rioters caught on camera. Some readers chimed in with information and gloated about the repercussions the suspects would soon face, but others were troubled by the apparent“merger between press and state,”as well as the media’s lack of interest in identifying blacklivesmatter and Antifa rioters all summer. “They don t actually need your help with this,”writer Whitney Webbresponded.“What they want is for you to get used to the idea of ratting out your neighbors.” Though calls for information have proliferated in the aftermath of Wednesday’s riot, along with a draconian censorship crackdown by big tech, the public is already used to being told to snitch on each other. Amid coronavirus lockdowns, the British police andgovernmenthave encouraged citizens to tattle on their neighbors for breaking restrictions, as have authorities inCanada,Russia, and theUnited States. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512032-buzzfeed-snitching-capitol-hill/
"9 Jan, 2021",‘Stop making these damn Bolsheviks rich!’ Ben & Jerry’s slated for condemning ‘white privilege’ riot on Capitol Hill,"Ben & Jerry’s has diversified from the ice cream business, appointing itself an expert on national security and racism. Its explanation of the Capitol Hill riot as “white supremacy” left a sour taste in some customers’ mouths. Ben & Jerry’s is no stranger to corporate activism, and has released several #Resistance-pleasing flavors during President Donald Trump’s term in office: a vegan desserthonoringkneeling NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick, a ‘Pecan Resist’ flavor tofundraisefor anti-Trump organizations, and ‘Save our Swirled Now’, another vegan flavor to raise awareness of climate change. The Vermont company also regularly issues proclamations on current events, from a lengthypostthis summer declaring its support for the blacklivesmatter movement to a pro-immigration lecture aimed at the UK government this fall. However, the company has taken an even more solemn tone after pro-Trump protesters vandalized the US Capitol on Wednesday. “Yesterday was not a protest – it was a riot to uphold white supremacy,”Ben & Jerry’s tweeted on Thursday, kicking off a lengthy thread explaining how“the mostly white insurrectionists roamed freely and without consequence through the heart of our democracy.” Yesterday was not a protest—it was a riot to uphold white supremacy. (1/8) Calling the pro-Trump crowd the“ultimate embodiment of white privilege,”the dessert peddlers claimed that they would have been treated differently were they“Black, Brown or Indigenous people”–  capitalizing every race except“white”in an apparent bid for more woke points. In response to the“white tyranny”on display, the company called for the impeachment or deposition of President Trump, concluding“not one more day.” Of course, the company neglected to mention that an entire summer of BLM riots were mostly“allowed to happen”too, or that co-founders Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield had been arrested at the Capitol in 2016 at a protest against money in politics. Unlike the pro-Trump rioters, however, Cohen and Greenfield stayed out of the building and kept the peace. Ben & Jerry’s latest proclamation satisfied the cravings of the anti-Trump crowd, whopraisedthe company for having“more integrity than our president,”andshowing“what it means to be anti-racist.” Just in case you needed any more reasons to love Ben & Jerry’s...https://t.co/LDTqlDYRpz I ll take 8 scoops of plain truth...https://t.co/lAgRPremff Amazing thread by amazing dudes. ❤️https://t.co/TtRqSgE6gX Yet for conservatives and Trump supporters, the lecture was one more reason to put down the spoon.“You shouldn’t be eating ice cream anyway,”right-wing pundit David Reaboitweeted.“Hit the gym, eat clean and stop making these damn Bolsheviks rich.” no one cares about what an ice cream brand thinks about politics 1/2https://t.co/8VgIQ5Ujgi Officially never buying Ben and Jerry’s again. I buy it because it tastes nice - I don’t want to associate politics with ice-cream so back to Haagen-Dazs who are apolitical as far as I know. I actually think Ben & Jerry’s are trying to troll people like me at this point Ice cream just went on an 8 tweet rant about a white supremacy conspiracy theory. Welcome to 2021.https://t.co/ohmYYWJVAT The Capitol Hill riot left five people dead: an unarmed protester was shot by police, a police officer was fatally injured by a rioter, and three others suffered“medical emergencies”and passed away. It has been condemned by Democrats and most Republicans, and by a multitude of America’s corporations, including the PR departments of Boeing, Goldman Sachs, and evenAxebody spray. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512026-ben-jerrys-white-supremacy-capitol/
"9 Jan, 2021",Whom to cancel next? Singer Ariel Pink dropped by label after artist attended pro-Trump rally that led to Capitol unrest,"A record label has parted ways with singer and songwriter Ariel Pink, after it was revealed that he took part in the January 6 protest in Washington, DC. The artist claims he took no part in the riots at the Capitol. Independent record label Mexican Summer said in a tweet that it was ending its“working relationship”with Pink“going forward.”The company was set to release a new album from the artist at the end of January. The popular indie musician attracts more than one million listeners per month on Spotify. Due to recent events, Mexican Summer and its staff have decided to end our working relationship with Ariel Rosenberg AKA Ariel Pink moving forward. Although Mexican Summer did not elaborate on its decision, the announcement comes after Pink was attacked on social media for attending the pro-President Donald Trump rally in Washington on Wednesday. A photograph of Pink with fellow musician John Maus in DC caused many to accuse him of participating in the so-called“insurrection.”His presence at the rally was made even worse by the fact that he has never expressed solidarity with the blacklivesmatter movement, some argued. proof that both@JOHNMAUS@arielxpinkwere at there. never once did one of these artists express ñ their solidarity for the BLM movement. it’s crazy how indie artists claim to follow this alternative lifestyle, yet express such traditional and archaic views.https://t.co/rxLizhipOO However, Pink insisted that he went back to his hotel and took a nap after the main event finished outside the White House, and that he had nothing to do with the proceeding chaos at the Capitol. i was in dc to peacefully show my support for the president. i attended the rally on the white house lawn and went back to hotel and took a nap. case closed He furtherstressedthat he has never advocated for“violent confrontation or rioting.” The decision by Mexican Summer to drop Pink seems to have divided social media. Numerous observers argued that the company had made the wrong move by“canceling”Pink for his political views. “You’re squelching open mindedness, restraining free thinkers and promoting a culture that inhibits creativity,”readonecomment. Mexican Summer: Independent, but still close-minded. Cancel culture at it’s finest. He went to a rally for gods sake. Many others hailed the move, with some even suggesting that the label should have dropped Pink, who has never been shy about his affinity for Trump, sooner. ^ agreed. Ariel has been unabashedly Himself for your entire working relationship and this is not the first you are hearing of his misconduct. “I guess his next stop will be as a Skrewdriver cover band at Mar-a-lago functions and brunches,”joked onesupportivereply. The Trump-supporting artist apparently realized that he would soon be thrown under the bus. “They wasted no time...save yourselves friends, cancel me now and turn me in before they come for you,”he tweeted on Thursday. welcome to the panoptigan. they wasted no time...save yourselves friends, cancel me now and turn me in before they come for you A month earlier, on December 9, he called for a boycott of Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube,accusingthe platforms of“censorship.” Trump was permanently booted from Twitter on Friday, with the company citing a risk of“further incitement of violence.”Five deaths have been linked to the unrest at the Capitol building, which occurred as Congress was preparing to certify Democrat Joe Biden’s election victory. Trump later stressed that he opposed violence and wanted his supporters to remain orderly and law-abiding. Authorities have begun to arrest individuals suspected of participating in the riots. Some of the people filmed and photographed inside the Capitol during the chaos have been fired from their jobs, according to media reports. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/512001-ariel-pink-record-label-trump/
Skipped,Skipped,"The British court decided not to extradite Julian Assange because of how terrible to the US prison system is. However, he won’t be released from jail on bail either. Lee Camp covers Assange’s dilemma in the first episode of Redacted Tonight this year. The judge’s decision not to extradite Assange still opened a precedent for the courts to censor journalists. Camp also covers Congress passing a defense bill that fails to address people’s needs in a pandemic, California businesses reaping the benefits from Prop 22, and more. Natalie McGill and Camp get deeper into the details of the insurrection at the Capitol. The world-shaking incident contrasts with the way US law enforcement cracked down on blacklivesmatter protests over the summer. ",https://www.rt.com/podcast/511879-press-freedom-capitol-insurrection/
"9 Jan, 2021","Destroying press freedom, Prop 22 fallout for workers in CA, insurrection in the Capitol","The British court decided not to extradite Julian Assange because of how terrible to the US prison system is. However, he won’t be released from jail on bail either. Lee Camp covers Assange’s dilemma in the first episode of Redacted Tonight this year. The judge’s decision not to extradite Assange still opened a precedent for the courts to censor journalists. Camp also covers Congress passing a defense bill that fails to address people’s needs in a pandemic, California businesses reaping the benefits from Prop 22, and more. Natalie McGill and Camp get deeper into the details of the insurrection at the Capitol. The world-shaking incident contrasts with the way US law enforcement cracked down on blacklivesmatter protests over the summer. YOUTUBEChannelRedacted Tonight LIKERedacted Tonight atwww.Facebook.com/RedactedTonight FOLLOWRedacted Tonight at@RedactedTonightand@LeeCamp PODCASThttps://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/redacted-tonight-1 ",https://www.rt.com/shows/redacted-tonight-summary/511890-press-freedom-capitol-insurrection/
"8 Jan, 2021","Biden the unifier? President-elect likens Cruz, Hawley to Nazi propagandist Goebbels, says they share blame for inciting violence","President-elect Joe Biden, who has vowed to help heal America fractured political system, may have taken a wrong turn on the road to reconciliation by likening two Republican senators to Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels. Speaking to reporters on Friday, Biden said Senators Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and Josh Hawley (R-Missouri) share responsibility with President Donald Trump for inciting the violent protesters who breached the US Capitol on Wednesday. Rather than being forced to resign, he said the two senators should be voted out of office when they come up for re-election. “They re part of a big lie, a big lie,”Biden said. He then stumbled over a story about how Goebbels made people believe Nazi propaganda, such as exaggerating civilian casualties from the Allied bombing of Dresden, by telling a lie repeatedly. Goebbels infamously said,“If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.” Joe Biden invokes Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels when referring to Ted Cruz and Josh Hawley. Healing and reconciliation.pic.twitter.com/gD4h90KNPc Cruz and Hawley led opposition to certifying results of the November 3 presidential election – at least not before an investigation – citing allegations that Biden won based on hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes in Georgia and other swing states.“If he the only one saying it, that one thing,”Biden said of Trump.“But the acolytes that follow him, like Cruz and others, they are as responsible as he is.” Biden comments were not unlike the Nazi-invoking rhetoric that was used against Trump and his supporters for the past four years. And the comments came one day after he leaned on another anti-Trump theme, racism,suggestingpolice failed to protect the Capitol because they responded more leniently to Wednesday rioters than if the protest had been a blacklivesmatter event. Social media users pointed out the contrast between Biden pledges of healing and his divisive actions.“So now we are calling people Nazis?”a Twitter commenterasked.“This from the party who abused the DOJ to spy on their political opponents to abuse FISA? Remember, Joe Biden called Trump illegitimate and claimed Russian collusion was real.”Another observerquipped,“The Nazi talk is so unity, ”while still anotherremindedBiden of another quote that often attributed to Goebbels:“Accuse the other side of that of which you are guilty.” They were never planning on unity. They’re out for revenge...with the full force of the federal government. “Biden would know best about what it is to repeat the same lies over and over until they re taken as truth,”conservative Twitter pundit Ian Miles Cheong said.“He does it better than Trump ever did.” Biden would know best about what it is to repeat the same lies over and over until they re taken as the truth. He does it better than Trump ever did. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511984-biden-unity-goebbels-cruz/
"8 Jan, 2021",Pence will replace Trump at inauguration (Full show),"At least five people, including a Capitol police officer, have died of injuries sustained during the shocking confrontation between “Stop the Steal” activists and law enforcement at the US Capitol on Wednesday, when rubber bullets and tear gas were deployed in the halls of Congress. RT America Faran Fronczak reports details about the deceased after RT America John Huddy examines the legal challenges awaiting the protesters who stormed Congress.Then RT Murad Gazdiev examines the double-standards of US elites who celebrate regime change abroad and undermine legitimate governments but bemoan Wednesday events.Observers are quick to compare and contrast the unprecedented clash at the US Capitol on Wednesday with the destructive civil unrest sometimes erupting from the blacklivesmatter Movement. Former US diplomat Jim Jatras, “Watching the Hawks” co-host Ameshia Cross and comedian Lee Camp of “Redacted Tonight” weigh in on the News with Rick Sanchez. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/news-with-rick-sanchez/511980-pence-will-replace-trump-at/
"8 Jan, 2021",The shooting of Ashli Babbitt by Capitol police has echoes of BLM icon George Floyd’s murder... but she will have no golden coffin,"Both died at the hands of police and both symbolise a cause, but US patriot Ashli Babbitt is branded a “domestic terrorist” after her death, while George Floyd became a martyr to millions and was buried in a gold-plated casket. WhenAshli Babbittpacked her Trump 2020 flag in her backpack and set off from her California home to join a pro-Trump rally on Wednesday, the last thing she would have expected was to end that trip lying on the floor of Washington’s Capitol building dying from a gunshot wound to her chest. In a strange way, her death at the hands of a law enforcement official, has much in common with that of George Floyd, the 46-year-old black man from Minneapolis who was murdered during a botched arrest attempt by a white policeman last May. Having just ducked out for some cigarettes, Floyd was soon to utter those immortal words “I can’t breathe,” which prefaced his death and led to global protests and the worldwide surge of interest in the blacklivesmatter movement. Like Floyd, Ashli Babbitt was a regular, working-class American simply struggling to keep her pool supplies company afloat. She was a 14-year veteran of four tours of the Middle East, including Iraq and Afghanistan, as a security forces controller. After leaving the military in 2016 she had her ups and downs, just like George. But like him, her sudden death was unexpected. And like him, it came at the hands of policemen and has caused tremendous uproar. Only one, however, will go to their grave condemned by President-elect Joe Biden as a “domestic terrorist.” And that is not George Floyd. For the past four years, President Trump has unleashed an all-out assault on the institutions of our democracy.Yesterday was but the culmination of that unrelenting attack.pic.twitter.com/Mcli7mzENu Although he had a five-year prison stretch behind him, was a habitual drug user and at the time of his arrest was thought to be attempting to pass counterfeit money, now none of that matters. He was buried in a‘Promethean’ gold-plated casket– like Michael Jackson and James Brown – estimated to have cost $30,000 during a funeral at which boxing champion Floyd Mayweather picked up the tab. The coffin, the service, the celebrity paying the bill; all these were not because George Floyd was necessarily a valued member of the community whose contributions to society would be sorely missed. It was because of what his death represented. George is a modern-day martyr to a cause. Just as many will inevitably claim Ashli Babbitt is to hers. This simple 35-year-old Californian described herself on Twitter as a Libertarian who loved her “dude,” dog and country. That image doesn’t quite chime with that of Biden’s insensitive rebuke of the protesters as “domestic terrorists.” It is unlikely that anyone will be calling for a gold-plated casket in which to bury Ashli Babbitt, but you would expect that as veteran with a long career of honourable military service, she might be laid to rest with the Stars and Stripes draped over her coffin. That could put theUS Department of Veterans Affairsin an awkward position. If the family requests as much, the flag should be provided as it relates only to Babbitt’s service record while in the USAF, not what she did once discharged. While she might have flirted with the flat-earthers of QAnon and retweeted bonkers conspiracy theories as sheexplored politicsfree of the oversight of military service, these are not crimes under current US law and don’t point to her being some mad racist, Nazi, satanist or terrorist. Those who insisted on highlighting the flawed character of George Floyd were widely condemned, and now those efforts to paint Ashli Babbitt as something she wasn’t should also be resisted. While neither of these symbols of a deeply divided country could be called saints, George Floyd will always be remembered as the unwitting instigator of a movement that changed the way we think about race. Ashli Babbitt’s legacy is yet to be determined but she does not deserve condemnation for choosing to be a patriot. Joe Biden should take note. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511931-ashli-babbitt-george-floyd-deaths/
"8 Jan, 2021",‘It now pointless to refer to US as model of democracy’: Russian politicians react to storming of US Capitol building,"The leader of Russia Communist Party believes that karma is striking back at the US after decades of Washington overthrowing leaders worldwide. His comments came after a violent mob attacked the American Capitol on Wednesday. Speaking to Moscow-based online news outlet Podyom, four-time presidential candidate Gennady Zyuganovsaidthat Washington’s propensity to fuel and encourage revolutions around the world is coming back to bite its elites at home. “They launched color revolutions, and in the last fifty years, they have carried out three dozen of them, if not more,”he said, specifically noting North Africa, Yugoslavia, and Ukraine.“Well, now they re paying for it.” In Zyuganov opinion, the riots are a“consequence of a fraudulent theft campaign,”referring to the disputed claims by US President Donald Trump that widespread election irregularities are the reason for his loss in November race for the White House. The communist leader also accused future President Joe Biden of being a“representative of globalist capital”who does not care about America but simply wishes to impose his values on the nation. Another popular opposition politician, ultra-nationalist LDPR leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky,tweetedthat Trump should“stay strong,”and foreign countries will help him out. Assessments of events in Washington on January 6 also caught the eye of Vyacheslav Volodin, the Speaker of the Duma (Russia parliament) and a senior member of the ruling United Russia party. According to Volodin, recent events mean that the world should soon beginreconsideringthe form of democracy the US has imposed on the world. “After the events caused by the presidential election, it is pointless to refer to [the US] as a model of democracy,”said Volodin.“We are on the verge of re-evaluating the standards that are promoted by the USA, which exports its vision of democracy and party-political systems around the world.” “The United States would be right to address the shortcomings of its own political system. Many people have seen this before, but now it has become obvious to everyone.” Another influential figure in the United Russia party, Senator Aleksey Pushkov,saidthat the events in Washington“are not an attempted coup”and are“not a precursor to civil war,”but a sign of the end of“civil peace”in the US. “This process was launched not by Republicans, but by participants in the pogroms and protests of the past summer, led by blacklivesmatter and left-wing radicals,”Pushkov wrote on his Telegram channel. On Wednesday, Trump supporters broke into the Capitol in Washington, disrupting a meeting that was supposed to approve the results of the 2020 presidential election. The assault left five dead, and many more injured, and has led to some questioning why it was so easy to enter a vital government building. ",https://www.rt.com/russia/511929-politicians-react-capitol-storming/
"8 Jan, 2021","‘We sh*tted away 4 years’: LeBron James vents at Trump over Capitol disorder, claims black people have culture ‘stolen’ from them","NBA icon LeBron James has claimed America “sh*tted away four years” by electing Donald Trump as the Los Angeles Lakers star voiced his outrage over the violence in Washington DC this week. ""We live in two Americas,""James said on Thursday, speaking one day after pro-Trump supporters stormed the US Capitol. “And that was a prime example of that yesterday, and if you don t understand that or don t see that after seeing what you saw yesterday, then you really need to take a step back – not even just one step, but maybe four or five, or even 10 steps backwards and ask yourself, how do you want your kids, or how do you want your grandkids, or how do we want America to be viewed as? Do we want to live in this beautiful country? "" “I couldn t help but wonder, if it was my kind storming the Capitol, what would have been the outcome?""@KingJamesaddresses yesterday’s events in Washington, D.C.pic.twitter.com/Csgl7ZeSSi The 36-year-old star claimed that the ugly scenes of pro-Trump supporters breaching the Capitol building further exposed the double standards in the treatment of black people, after the stronger police reaction to the blacklivesmatter protests of 2020. Four deaths were linked to the violence in the US capital this week, before the news on Thursday that a police officer had also died of injuries sustained during clashes with rioters. READ MORE: Police officer dies after being injured during US Capitol riots “If those were my kind storming the Capitol, what would have been the outcome? And I think we all know,”added James, who wore a shirt bearing the slogan ‘Do you understand now?’ before the Lakers’ game against the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday, and had the same message written on his shoes on court. “There’s no ifs, ands or buts, we already know what would ve happened to my kind if anyone would have even got close to the Capitol, let alone storm inside the offices, inside the hallways.” 🖤pic.twitter.com/1wLRnw1r6g James – who has frequently voiced his disgust of Trump during the Republican leader’s four-year tenure – added that those responsible for Wednesday’s unrest were“terrorists”. The star diatribe continued as he claimed that the US benefits from black culture without paying its proper dues. “Do you understand how hard it is for us [black people] to continue to live our lives the way we live, continue to inspire, continue to give everything we got? “Everyone jumps on the bandwagon of what we provide, what we bring, the way we dress, our music, our culture, our food. Everyone steals from what we do, and then they want to act like they did it or they brought it to this world. “We don’t get our due diligence, the respect, we don’t get anything back from this country apart from a slap in the face,”James said. “We don’t get anything back from what we’ve given this country besides a slap in the face.”@KingJamesshares his thoughts on being Black in America.pic.twitter.com/d4sx6XnmD5 The four-time NBA MVP put the blame for the disorder firmly at Trump’s door, asserting that the US“sh*t away four years”by electing him in the first place. “The events that took place yesterday was a direct correlation of the president that’s in the seat right now, of his actions, his beliefs, his wishes,”James fumed. “He cares about nobody besides himself. Nobody. Absolutely nobody. He doesn t care about this country. He doesn t care about his family. He doesn t care about anybody besides himself… “Four years ago, I sat there and said this is the beginning of the end for our country. And hopefully it only lasts four years. “But the one thing you can t get back in life, one thing you can never get back, and that time. Can’t get back time. We ve literally just sh*ted away four years. How do we recoup that?” Any fans hoping to enjoy sport without politics and protest in 2021 will likely be left disappointed, with stars such as James using their platforms to comment on this week’s scenes. In the direct aftermath of the violence on Wednesday, the Miami Heat and Boston Celtics issued a joint statement in which they condemned the scenes, as well as expressing their disappointment after a Wisconsin prosecutor decided not to charge a police officer who shot Jacob Blake, a black man, last year. pic.twitter.com/MzCAxG0FLE ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511902-lebron-james-two-americas-trump-violence/
"7 Jan, 2021","I’m not a conspiracy theorist, but how does a bloke in a Chewbacca bikini outwit the nation’s finest and storm the Capitol?","It’s hard to believe how the angry mob of Trump supporters managed to do what they did yesterday and the absence of police and security guards. Was this the deep state’s final humiliation of a president it hated? Dr Lisa McKenzie is a working-class academic. She grew up in a coal-mining town in Nottinghamshire and became politicized through the 1984 miners’ strike with her family. At 31, she went to the University of Nottingham and did an undergraduate degree in sociology. Dr McKenzie lectures in sociology at the University of Durham and is the author of ‘Getting By: Estates, Class and Culture in Austerity Britain.’ She’s a political activist, writer and thinker. Follow her on Twitter@redrumlisa. Dr Lisa McKenzie is a working-class academic. She grew up in a coal-mining town in Nottinghamshire and became politicized through the 1984 miners’ strike with her family. At 31, she went to the University of Nottingham and did an undergraduate degree in sociology. Dr McKenzie lectures in sociology at the University of Durham and is the author of ‘Getting By: Estates, Class and Culture in Austerity Britain.’ She’s a political activist, writer and thinker. Follow her on Twitter@redrumlisa. I watched the astonishing breaking news from Washington yesterday like billions all over the world, our mouths agape, as the citadel of Western democracy was breached – Capitol Hill falls to the angry mob – and pondered one question. In a country that spends about 900 billion dollars a year on security and defence, that has made its name as the (often uninvited) police officer of the world, that loves going into other countries and ‘helping’ prop up one regime over another, or get rid of another it doesn’t like, all in the name of ‘democracy’... how is it possible that a couple of thousand of badly dressed and quite frankly weird folks break into the USA’s centre of power? I’m not a political or a historical expert on the USA, but I do love the country. It has always fascinated me – the opportunity, the dream, its brashness and its bollocks – and I especially love Las Vegas. The USA knows how to put on a good show –  it what they do best – and yesterday’s was right up there with them. Because that’s what it was, in my view: a show. A stage-managed event. That’s the only explanation as to how this ramshackle group of people got into the Capitol building to disrupt political business regarding the transition of their most sacred of symbols, the POTUS. I watched the reruns of President Trump’s confused and quite mental rallying call to his followers earlier in the day – where he gave them the green light to march on Capitol Hill. I watched talking head after talking head compare the policing of the Trump supporters protest to that of the blacklivesmatter protests a few months ago – and only a fool would argue there was no difference. At the BLM protest there were thousands of armed security ready and willing to crack heads and use weapons against protesters. Yet at the Trump rally – as far as I could see – there were a few blokes with radios in their hands running about. It’s not as if this showdown had not been written about and warnings given that Trump supporters would try to kick off on January 6 – it was all over the media for days beforehand. So I reckon the FBI, the Washington police, the Capitol Hill police, the national guard, etc. must have known of the potential for trouble, right? My granny would have heard about it and could have done a better job sorting the security. Yet the nation’s finest was hoodwinked by a bloke in a Chewbacca bikini who was now standing in the debating chamber, alongside a bloke in a Camp Auschwitz hoodie and others waving Confederate flags? I imagine that for most US citizens seeing your capital city in lockdown and the mayor ordering a 6pm-6am curfew, this symbolic act of protesters breaching a place that should be secure and attacking the very heart of ‘democracy’ must have been truly shocking. As a sociologist, I have been taught and trained in what we call ‘mapping the field’, meaning looking at the situation, assessing the power dynamics, seeing who are the winners and losers, and thinking critically about that. I know this particular field is a complicated one – the outgoing President Donald Trump is a vainglorious and narcissistic man, and his rants, lies and propaganda and purposefully divisive methodology has truly damaged his nation over the last four years. He’s caused greater divisions in an already divided society, setting himself up as ‘the anti-political politician’, and the result has been chaos, as his inept handling of the Covid pandemic demonstrated. He promised to clean up Washington, to drain the swamp, and to vanquish ‘the deep state’. But he failed miserably. And what if Wednesday, 14 days before he was due to depart the White House, was the deep state’s revenge, a stage-managed show designed to humiliate him and his supporters, and to reveal them in their true, disgusting colours?  And put paid to ‘Orange Man’ forever? I’m no conspiracy theorist, but it makes sense to me. Certainly, my sociological analysis thus far in this ever changing and dynamic situation is that the unleashing of the angry mob onto Capitol Hill was a good day for the forces of conservatism, the Washington elite, both Republican and Democrat, who have loathed Trump with a passion since he dared raised his coiffured head above the political parapet. So a good day for the political class – and a bad day for Donald Trump. He’s been forced to accept that the Joe Biden presidency must go ahead smoothly, while still smarting and whining and not accepting that he lost the election, and  – oh, imagine the withdrawal symptoms – not being able to tweet. A cynic might say that the day Trump’s mob was conveniently allowed to attack America’s democracy was the day that Trump was given enough rope to hang himself. Noose work, chaps. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511841-capitol-riot-trump-chewbacca-security/
"7 Jan, 2021",Giuliani condemnation of Capitol violence slammed as critics cite his ‘trial by combat’ speech made prior to breach,"Donald Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani has joined others in condemning the violence that took place at the US Capitol – but his comments are falling on deaf ears, as shortly before the breach he called for a “trial by combat.” “The violence at the Capitol was shameful,”Giuliani tweeted on Thursday. The former New York City mayor and current Trump lawyer compared the actions to the“rioting and looting”that took place at blacklivesmatter rallies over the summer,“which was not condemned nearly enough by the Left.” “This violence is condemned in the strongest terms,”he added.“Our movement values respect for law and order and for the Police.” The violence at the Capitol was shameful.It was as criminal as the rioting and looting this summer which was not condemned strongly enough by the Left.This violence is condemned in the strongest terms.Our movement values respect for law and order and for the Police. In a followup tweet that was slapped with a“disputed”disclaimer by Twitter, Giuliani said,“Our cause is to obtain an honest vote and to end voter fraud before it becomes a permanent tactic of the enabled and media protected Democrat Party.” “Violence is rejected,”he continued, later adding that he believed there could have been radical left Antifa involvement in the Wednesday riot. Our cause is to obtain an honest vote and to end voter fraud before it becomes a permanent tactic of the enabled and media protected Democrat Party.Violence is rejected, condemned and counter productive.Antifa involvement is no excuse. It contradicts our values. Giuliani’s words have only fueled anger, however, as liberal pundits pointed to him as part of the inspiration behind the chaotic scenes. Speaking about an hour before the breach of the US Capitol first occurred, Giuliani spoke to a crowd of thousands of Trump supporters at the Save America rally, where the president also spoke, and suggested“trial by combat”when it comes to the president’s battle to prove election fraud. “Your words inspired it,”Daily Beast editor Molly Jong-Fasttweetedto Giualiani after his condemnations. Rudy Giuliani condemns violence yesterday. Yet the rally began with him calling for ""trial by combat."" He really is delusional. That will be his defense during his criminal trial. You did this. You don t get to be above it.https://t.co/LVjY7Pnhep Others have gone so far as to call for the arrest or investigation of Giuliani, including MSNBC host Joe Scarborough, who launched into a profanity-laced tirade about the US Capitol breach during his show on Thursday. Let start here:@tedcruz@realDonaldTrump@HawleyMO@KenPaxtonTX@RudyGiulianihttps://t.co/Y0jYHSTYjP Rudy should be arrested, too.https://t.co/GVol2gqtxt Start here: Reams and hours of video and audio evidence Donald TrumpDonald Trump JrIvanka TrumpRudy Giulianihttps://t.co/gGE5QeBUAL Though Giuliani’s“trial by combat”comment set off alarms with critics even before the rioting began, his full speech did not appear to be referring directly to violence, but rather to putting reputations on the line. “If we are wrong, we will be made fools of. But if we’re right, a lot of them will go to jail,”Giuliani told the crowd when speaking about election fraud.“So let’s have trial by combat. I’m willing to stake my reputation. The president is willing to stake his reputation on the fact that we’re going to find criminality there.” Rudy Giuliani says ""I m willing to stake my reputation” on the fact that there is election fraud:“Let’s have trial by combat.”pic.twitter.com/Bhbx6fnPcq If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511843-rudy-giuliani-trial-combat-capitol/
"7 Jan, 2021","Getting warmer: While insisting Antifa has nothing to do with the Capitol riot, NYT finally admits it is a ‘movement’","After months of fervent denials and rioting, Antifa is no longer being written off as a mere ideology by a US establishment outlet, which graduated them to “a loosely organized collective of antifascist activists.” “There is no evidence that Antifa activists stormed the Capitol,” the New York Times affirmed on Wednesday, blaming “the far right” for making “untrue claims that antifascist activists infiltrated protests.” There is no evidence that the antifa movement — a loosely organized collective of antifascist activists — stormed the Capitol on Wednesday.https://t.co/YD3PlqDlGIpic.twitter.com/Gru5XbBtP5 While some on the ground would beg to differ, the fact that the New York Times is even referring to Antifa as a semi-organized group is a divergence from its previous coverage, which described it as “a movement or ideology” rather than a real organization. The outlet even argued it was “impossible” to know how many members of Antifa existed due to its cell-like organizational structure. The NYT was attempting to “debunk” a longstanding claim that Antifa followers were dressing up as Trump supporters and committing wanton acts of violence in order to make conservatives look bad — in this case at the Capitol riots on Wednesday, which turned bloody and left four people dead including a woman shot by police. However, conservative provocateur (and sometime Antifa victim) Andy Ngo actually agreed with the outlet for once, arguing the protesters filmed swarming the Capitol did not look to be “antifa people dressed in Trump gear or Trump costumes.” The ‘paper of record’ has regularly come down on the side of Antifa in the past, noting that “supporters” (if not members) viewed the street violence that has become a hallmark of the group as merely in service to a greater good. Right-wing ideas, the group supposedly believes, must not be presented to the general public, lest an unaffiliated individual fall in line with the “targeting of marginalized people.” The paper admitted doxxing and violent confrontation were part and parcel of the Antifa ‘ideology,’ while arguing in favor of such ‘preemptive strikes’ against the so-called alt-right. Even FBI director Christopher Wray paid lip service to the notion that Antifa was not an organized group in September, attempting to please both President Donald Trump and his detractors by agreeing that while there was no such thing as an Antifa member, the group’s supposed ideology was a “real thing” and that “violent anarchists” might “self-identify” with Antifa. As recently as September, the NYT was still claiming Antifa was “not an organization with a leader, a defined structure or membership roles.” Instead, it was “a loose movement of activists whose followers share some philosophies and tactics.” Any claims of Antifa members fighting alongside blacklivesmatter were declared delusional conspiracy theories fueled by an ‘irresponsible’ president. Trump has long sought to have Antifa labeled as a terrorist organization, particularly as violence raged in cities across the nation in the wake of the death of black Minneapolis man George Floyd at the hands of the police. Former attorney general William Barr claimed back in June that his Justice Department had evidence Antifa and its ideological allies had been “involved in instigating and participating in the violent activity” that followed Floyd’s death. However, even Barr insisted Antifa was “a very loosely organized group,” even while acknowledging there was “clearly some high degree of organization” within and what appeared to be serious funding. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511822-nytimes-antifa-debunk-capitol/
"7 Jan, 2021","Capitol riot spells the end for Trump with the Republicans. But he’s still a hero to many, so why not start a party of his own?","President Trump is being vilified for events in Washington yesterday and his future is unclear. But with a massive base of followers to call on, he can still play a hugely influential role in US politics – if he wants to. is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf is an author of 11 books, including the most recent,Thought Criminal. He was Professor of Liberal Arts at NYU from 2008 through 2019. Follow him on Twitter@TheAntiPCProf Clearly, the word ‘tensions’ fails to describe the political situation in America. The contested presidential election exacerbated bitter antagonisms between the Trump contingent and ‘the resistance’, rending, perhaps irreparably, what had already been a severely frayed social and political fabric. At a rally organized by Women for America First, the Eighty Percent Coalition, and Stop the Steal, President Trump delivered a typically provocative speech before an estimated crowd of 250,000 people. After repeating detailed allegations of massive electoral and voter fraud in the 2020 presidential election, he ended by calling on protesters to march to the Capitol. Some decided to storm the Senate building – to stop, literally, the counting of contested Electoral College votes, which they managed to delay. Protesters breached several security fences and pushed back against police in full riot gear before finally busting out large windows and making their way into the Senate Rotunda. In the chaos that ensued, four people lost their lives. Meanwhile, pro-Trump crowds marched on state capitols across the country. Commentators from the media and both major political parties have been quick to condemn the rebellion, but few have ventured to explain the event. Yet many factors contributed to the rage that fueled the siege. It cannot simply be attributed to Trump’s rhetoric. Questions about the election might have been addressed by the judiciaries in the various states before the electoral vote count was set to proceed in the US Congress. I won’t reiterate the allegations here, but it’s not true that the allegations have been examined and dismissed. They haven’t been examined at all, either in the media or under official auspices. If they had been, perhaps Trump could have left the talking points to other interlocutors, although it’s doubtful. But distrust for the electoral process added fuel to an already raging fire. Unremitting attempts on the part of Democrats to destroy his presidency frustrated Trump and his supporters across his four-year tenure. A politically motivated pandemic response cost many their jobs, businesses, and personal freedoms. Civil unrest undertaken by the leftist Antifa and blacklivesmatter groups went on unabated for many months, while Trump supporters, locked down, looked on helplessly. Online censorship was applied asymmetrically to conservative and right leaning users and increased in intensity during the election season. Dismissed and lied to by the media, disdained by the political class, censored and subjected to propaganda on social media, and mocked by the intelligentsia, many Trump supporters felt they had nothing left to lose in terms of reputation. Several hundred put everything on the line for the cause. The double standard that these Trump supporters labor under will now be redoubled. Their violence has been deemed inexplicable and contemptible, while leftist violence was ignored or excused for the better part of a year. While the revolutionaries may figure the insurrection as a reconnection with 1776, it represents a decisive break with the recent past. The republicanparty may have tolerated or feigned tolerance for Trump and his supporters, but that tolerance is now over. Trump supporters may have been done with the republicanparty but now the party may be finished with them. Trump was always a political outsider, but now he may become an outcast. Even his Twitter and Facebook accounts have been locked. Repeat, the social media accounts of the president of the United States have been disabled, at least temporarily. Trump will now be blamed for and tainted with the events of January 6. Calls for his removal from office before January 20 under Article 25 of the Constitution are already being voiced. Likely, Democratic leaders will argue that he should be tried for treason after he leaves office. This means that the Trump era is either over, or that it will take a dramatically different form. Trump will either start his own party and attempt to build on his ‘deplorable’ base, or otherwise fade into political oblivion. The mainstream media will consign him to the hall of infamy. For Trumplicans, Trump will remain an American hero of the first order. What becomes of Trump populism remains unclear at this point. But it doesn’t look as if the Trump-inspired base is going to lie down any time soon. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511806-capitol-riot-trump-future/
"7 Jan, 2021",‘Had to make it about race’: NBA champ fuels predictable row by comparing Capitol Hill clashes to blacklivesmatter demos (VIDEO),"NBA head coach Doc Rivers has claimed that the police response to the protests on the Capitol ""prove a point"" about racial discrimination in the US, leading to an online row that has been stoked by other prominent sports figures. Philadelphia 76ers boss Rivers, who accused outgoing president Donald Trump republicanparty of ""spewing this fear"" in August, was unflinching in his appraisal of the shocking unrest at the US Congress, watching in horror as violent clashes led to the deaths of four people. The former NBA All-Star and NBA Coach of the Year dismissed a suggestion that the uproar, caused when pro-Trump demonstrators descended on the Capitol to challenge the US presidential election result, was an ""assault on democracy"". ""Democracy will prevail, it always does,""said the forlorn-sounding 59-year-old in a pre-game press conference. “Could you imagine today if those were all black people storming The Capitol and what would have happened?”Powerful comments from Doc Rivers pregame, worth your time listening to the full thing.@FOX29phillypic.twitter.com/bScsAfmlGo Black people get pulled over and don’t make it out alive. We can’t sleep in our own beds without being killed. We can’t jog without being killed. We can’t walk down the street with our hoodies up without being killed but they can do this???https://t.co/j59OMKw4LO Indeed.https://t.co/PwFXrb4wnL ""It shows a lot, though: when you saw the [ blacklivesmatter ] protests in the summer, you saw the riots, or more the police and the national guard and the army. ""[For] this, you saw nothing. It basically proves a point about a privileged life, in a lot of ways. ""I ll say it because I don t think a lot of people want to: can you imagine, today, those were all black people storming the Capitol, and what would have happened? The way they would have dropped a whole bomb on the capitol if this was us. Why aren’t you condemning the BLM protest? Because they fit your narrative. Ah had to make it about race ""That, to me, is a picture that paints a thousand words for all of us to see. People peacefully being escorted out of the Capitol. ""It a sad day - not good for our country, or across the borders. People see this, but it a part of what we are and we have to solve it."" Rivers remarks received a mixed reaction online, including many responses shunning his suggestion that the scenes spoke of a racially-motivated reaction while arguing that the point of the protests was entirely to do with the validity of the election. ah had to make it about one of the biggest ongoing issues in america It’s really not it’s just the media playing it up I don’t understand why some black people are making this an issue of race! It’s about people thinking an election was rigged. Two completely different things! ""I don’t understand why some black people are making this an issue of race,""said a Philadelphia Eagles fans. ""It’s about people thinking an election was rigged. Two completely different things."" Another replied:""Nobody is making this about race except for the media. Why is a hypothetical situation relevant in the slightest bit?"" Didn’t seem like they had too many problems when they were killing civilians and burning business to the ground. Actually I remember celebrities paying for their bonds so they could be released from jail They just spent months destroying property, looting, and setting historical buildings on fire. Don t need to imagine it. nobody is making this about race except for the media.. why is a hypothetical situation relevant in the slightest bit NBA great Dwyane Wade shared a photo from inside the Capitol that appeared to show a non-violent confrontation including people wearing Trump familiar ""Make America Great Again"" baseball caps. ""Black people get pulled over and don’t make it out alive,""said the three-time NBA champion.""We can’t sleep in our own beds without being killed. ""We can’t jog without being killed. We can’t walk down the street with our hoodies up without being killed, but [the protestors] can do this?"" African-American film director and former NFL player Matthew Cherry made an even more extraordinary claim, declaring that ""they would have dropped a whole bomb on the Capitol if this was us."" Political soapbox regular and former England football favorite Gary Lineker echoed Rivers line by endorsing a message from a broadcaster and blacklivesmatter supporter showing a clip from the Capitol. ""Can you imagine what would happen to them if they were black?""they asked, to which Lineker replied for the benefit of his millions of followers:""Indeed."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511791-capitol-riot-doc-rivers/
"7 Jan, 2021",Caitlin Johnstone: The two-faced mainstream media is already using the Washington riot to call for more social media censorship,"So the US gets a tiny taste of its own medicine and now the press wants controls on what people can say on the internet - but who decides whose comments & whose dissent is acceptable? ByCaitlin Johnstone, an independent journalist based in Melbourne, Australia. Her website ishereand you can follow her on Twitter@caitoz The United States received a very smalltaste of its own medicineas rioting Trump fanatics temporarilyforced their way into the nation’s Capitol building, and now the whole country is freaking out. I am being generous when I say that America was given a very small taste of its own medicine; unlike the horrific coups and violent uprisings the US routinely orchestrates in noncompliant nations around the world, this one stood exactly zero chance of seizing control of the government. I am also being generous when I say the rioters“forced their way”in; DCchose not to increase its police presencein preparation for the protests despite knowing that they were planned, and there’sfootageof what appears to be cops actively letting them through a police barricade. There wassome fightingbetween police and protesters, but contrasted with theunceasing barrage of police brutality footagewhich emerged from blacklivesmatter demonstrations a few months prior it’s fair to say the police response today was relatively gentle. Predictably, this entirely American disruption hasblue-checkmarked commentariatshriekingabout Vladimir Putinon social media. Just as predictably, it’s also got them calling for the censorship of social media. The New York Times has published two new articles titled “The storming of Capitol Hill was organized on social media” and “Violence on Capitol Hill Is a Day of Reckoning for Social Media“, both arguing for more heavy-handed restrictions on speech from Silicon Valley tech giants. In the former, NYT’s Sheera Frenkel writes,“the violence Wednesday was the result of online movements operating in closed social media networks where people believed the claims of voter fraud and of the election being stolen from Mr. Trump,”citing the expert analysis of think tank spinmeister Renee DiResta of“Tulsi Gabbard is a Russian asset”fame. As usual no mention is made of DiResta’sinvolvement in the New Knowledge scandalin which a Russian interference“false flag”was staged for an Alabama Senate race. “These people are acting because they are convinced an election was stolen,”DiResta said.“This is a demonstration of the very real-world impact of echo chambers.” “This has been a striking repudiation of the idea that there is an online and an offline world and that what is said online is in some way kept online,”DiResta adds. This narrative which seeds the idea that unregulated communication on the internet will lead to violent uprisings is funny coming from Frankel, who, as a Twitter followerrecently observed, wrotea piece in 2018condemning the Iranian government for restricting protesters’ social media access during the demonstrations at that time. “Social media and messaging apps have become crucial to anti-government demonstrators around the world, as a means of both organizing and delivering messages to other citizens,”Frankel wrote.“Not surprisingly, restricting access to such technology has become as important to government crackdowns as the physical presence of the police.” Inthe other article, co-authored by Frankel, Mike Isaac and Kate Conger, the message is driven home even less subtly. “As pro-Trump protesters stormed the Capitol building on Wednesday and halted the certification of Electoral College votes, the role of social media companies such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube in spreading misinformation and being a megaphone for Mr. Trump came under renewed criticism,”reads the article, adding,“So when violence broke out in Washington on Wednesday, it was, in the minds of longtime critics, the day the chickens came home to roost for the social media companies.” The article reports on the US president’s temporary suspension of social media privileges for allegedly inciting violence with his posts, then discusses the various kinds of disinformation and violent ideation being circulated in Trump discussion forums. “Those alternative social media sites were rife with Trump supporters organizing and communicating on Wednesday,”NYT tells us.“On Parler, one trending hashtag was #stormthecapitol. Many Trump supporters on the sites also appeared to believe a false rumor that Antifa, a left-wing movement, was responsible for committing violence at the protests.” “We know the social media companies have been lackadaisical at best at stopping extremism from growing on their platforms,""Jonathan Greenblatt, director of the Anti-Defamation League, told NYT.“Freedom of expression is not the freedom to incite violence. That is not protected speech.” We will likely see many more such articles in the coming days, arguing for increased regulation of internet communication to prevent future incidents like Wednesday’s. In and of itself this won’t sound terribly concerning to the average citizen. Nothing wrong with taking steps to prevent people from plotting violence and terrorism on social media, right? But how do you predict what protests are going to be“violent”?How do you decide which protest and political dissent needs to be censored and which ones should be permitted to communicate freely? Do you just leave it up to Silicon Valley oligarchs to make the call? Or do you have them consult with the government likethey’ve been doing? Are either of these institutions you’d trust to regulate what protests are worthy of being permitted to organize online? Because the actual power structures in the United States seem to be interested in simply censoring the internet to eliminate political dissent altogether. In 2017 top officials from Facebook, Twitter and Google werebrought before the Senate Judiciary Committeeand admonished to come up with policies that will“prevent the fomenting of discord”in the United States. That sounds an awful like government officials and operatives telling social media corporations that it’s their job to censor communication which could facilitate any kind of unrest, no matter how justified. Do you trust these monopolistic megacorporations to decide whether or not people’s dissident speech is acceptable? I don’t. As Julian Assange iscondemned to remain falsely imprisonedand the mass media ramp up their case for more imperial narrative control, we are now in a battle for the sovereignty of our very minds. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511797-mainstream-media-censorship-washington/
"7 Jan, 2021","‘This is on you, Mr President’: Angry wrestling legend Mick Foley blasts ‘son of a b*tch’ Trump in plea to WWE boss Vince McMahon","Donald Trump is to blame for violence inflicted on police during the shocking protests at the US Capitol and should be dumped from the WWE hall of fame, wrestling legend Mick Foley has urged in a series of political tweets. American veteran Foley was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2013, the same year that CEO Vince McMahon honored Trump, who has since hosted his fellow billionaire businessman at the White House. Four people died in chaotic scenes at the US Congress on Wednesday, when pro-Trump protestors mobbed Washington to protest against the presidential election result in a demonstration that was encouraged by the outgoing head of state. ""Hey, Vince - how about throwing this sorry son of a b*tch out of our Hall of Fame?""asked a clearly furious Foley, telling the government to invoke the 25th Amendment that would temporarily oust Trump on the basis of the defeated Republican being unable to perform his role. This is on you, Mr President. Every single injury today is on you.https://t.co/6wJKb0pUxa Hey Vince - how about throwing this sorry son of a bitch out of our Hall of Fame?@VinceMcMahon House and Senate members:1) I hope you are all safe2) Any chance of working a quick#Article25vote into today’s agenda? McMahon seems unlikely to denounce or punish Trump given that the sports mogul took part in an event, dubbed The Battle of the Billionaires, in 2007 in which he allowed Trump to tackle him to the ground and shave his head. The former wrestler also gave millions to Trump’s 2016 campaign and his now-defunct foundation, according to Politico. Foley also likened senate leader Mitch McConnell and vice-president Mike Pence resistance to Trump direction to challenge the election result to a classic wrestling match between Sgt. Slaughter and The Iron Sheikh in 1984. Wait, is he really in the wrestling hall of fame? Time for him to go - thank you for speaking up, king. won t happen.pic.twitter.com/mdGhaDQahm YES! YES! YES!!! He deserves ZERO part of the great legacy of@WWEand its history! Please,@VinceMcMahonlisten to Mick!pic.twitter.com/pd0geYnx4S ""I went back to December 13 on President Trump Twitter timeline,""said the 55-year-old, looking ahead to Joe Biden imminent inauguration on the day that Trump was sanctioned by Twitter, Facebook and Instagram for spreading misinformation. ""I did not see a SINGLE hint of compassion for the families of the 50,000 Americans who have died from Covid since that day. ""The President seems incapable of compassion. January 20th can t come soon enough."" Exactly Mick, and thank you for having the testicular fortitude to flat out say what pretty much every fan is thinking, and has thought for a ling time. I went back to December 13 on President Trump twitter timeline...I did not see a SINGLE hint of compassion for the families of the 50,000 Americans who have died from COVID since that day.The President seems incapable of compassion.January 20th can t come soon enough. Thinking of all of you under lockdown in the UK - and wishing you the very best during a difficult time. Foley went on to retweet a message by Steve Schmidt, the Republican aide who has worked on campaigns for the likes of former president George W Bush, describing the riots as a ""profound national humiliation"" that had turned the US into a ""banana republic"". He also echoed a statement from broadcaster Peter Rosenborg saying:""If these were blacklivesmatter protestors, we would be witnessing a bloodbath. Racist white supremacy privilege at its finest today."" Earlier in the week, Foley had offered a message to his fans on the other side of the Atlantic as they entered lockdown for a third time during the pandemic. ""Thinking of all of you under lockdown in the UK,""he announced.""Wishing you the very best during a difficult time."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511773-trump-riots-mick-foley/
"6 Jan, 2021",DC mayor & Democrat VA governor beg for state troopers their constituents want defunded as unrest at Capitol continues,"Virginia Governor Ralph Northam, a Democrat, has deployed National Guard personnel and 200 State Troopers to Washington DC to assist fellow Democrat Mayor Muriel Bowser – help they’d rejected during the blacklivesmatter unrest. While Bowser has gone on the recordagainstdefunding police, making her something of an outlier amid her ideological colleagues, she had previously been a vocal opponent of sending in National Guard troops to quell violence in her city’s streets at the height of the blacklivesmatter protests over the summer, insisting DC could take care of itself. Northam claimed to be working closely with not only Bowser but also Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on the response to Wednesday’s massive rally-turned-riot. As Congress retired to count electoral votes, one of the last formalities before inauguration,“thousands”of protesters swarmed into the Capitol, overwhelming multiple security barricades. Many of Bowser and Northam’s constituents were displeased to see their political heroes embracing the police, though it should not have come as a surprise given their previous equivocation on the matter. How come the National guard was never used with ANTIFA nd BLM Some complained that Bowser had been too slow to deploy extra troops and National Guard despite knowing full well that Wednesday’s event would devolve into a violent mess. This is still unacceptable on the part of@mayorbowser..it’s been known for a week that this was going to be a volatile situation..discussion /arrangements to have the guards present should have been set up days ago..now this situation is very much out of control! After a rousing speech by President Trump, the gathered masses marched to the Capitol, where some opted to actually breach the structure and make their feelings known directly to members of Congress. A female Trump supporter was shot in the head by a police bullet and remains in critical condition, while the building itself is under lockdown and an“armed standoff”between protesters and police continues. The unrest began as Congress was set to certify the Electoral College vote. Vice President Mike Pence poured cold water on the hopes of the assembled Trump supporters, however, insisting he did not have the authority to throw out“fraudulent”ballots – and essentially implying Trump had exhausted his last chance at retaining the presidency – a conclusion the president’s assembled supporters found deeply objectionable. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511739-national-guard-troopers-washington-capitol/
"6 Jan, 2021",‘We will never concede’: Trump vows to fight on during DC rally as Congress set to certify election for Biden,"US President Donald Trump has doubled down on his conviction that his political nemeses stole his rightful victory in November. In a rally outside the White House, the president declared he will “never concede.” Trump delivered his remarks in front of a large crowd of supporters, many of whom were in Washington for the ‘Save America’ rally to protest the allegedly stolen election. “We will never give up, we will never concede,” the president said. “You don’t concede when there’s theft.” We will not take it anymore. Trump focused on the voting statistics, which saw the president receiving more votes than any previous incumbent but still being bested by Democratic rival Joe Biden. Trump repeatedly expressed his desire to “go back eight weeks” and fix the alleged fraud before it tainted the vote. The president went on to denounce the “weak Republicans” who refused to back his election-fraud crusade even after he helped some of them get elected. However, he had harsher words for the Democrats, noting that if it was Biden who’d been “cheated” by a Republican candidate, mobs would be destroying small businesses, as happened during summer blacklivesmatter protests. “If [Republican congressmen] don’t fight, we have to primary the hell out of the ones that don’t fight,” Trump warned. Trump continued to go after the vote-counting, declaring it “so corrupt that in the history of this country we’ve never seen anything like it.” He likened the sudden spike in Biden votes on Election Day night to “explosions of bulls**t,” then mocked failed candidates including Mitt Romney (R-UT) and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. At one point Trump seemed to be talking directly to Vice President Mike Pence, all but obligating him to challenge the Electoral College results. While crowds of Trump supporters thronged the area to do their part to ‘Stop the Steal,’ states already certified their votes last month. Wednesday’s vote is more of a formality- though that hasn’t stopped the president from putting pressure on his VP in the hope of snatching victory from the jaws of defeat. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511725-trump-never-concede-rally/
"6 Jan, 2021",‘You have lost your mind’: LeBron James savaged after NBA legend calls Jacob Blake shooting judgement ‘blow to the heart’ (VIDEO),"NBA icon LeBron James has been criticized after speaking out on the shooting of Jacob Blake by police, describing a ruling that the officer involved could have been acting in self-defense as a blow to the heart and to the gut"". In emotional post-game remarks, James said he was ""smart"" enough to see that events in the world made basketball unimportant and claimed that a prosecutor s ruling in Kenosha, where it was decided that a police officer would not be charged for shooting Jacob Blake this summer, was bad news for ""every black person"". Blake, who is black, was paralyzed after being shot in the back by Rusten Sheskey, a white police officer who said he had acted in self-defense because he feared that Blake would stab him - a contention that Kenosha County District Attorney Michael Graveley could not disprove. ""To hear what happened in Kenosha today was a blow to the heart and to the gut,""James said after leading the Los Angeles Lakers to a 94-92 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. LeBron reflects on his emotions today about the Jacob Blake news in Kenosha and the turnout numbers in Georgia@KingJamespic.twitter.com/1OjjiQb24a When did LeBron get his law degree “Blow to the heart and to the gut.” Sounds like Lebron is pretty distraught from this. I’m sure he cried all the way home in his Lamborghini. ""Not only to that community, but to us and to every black person that has been a part of this process, seeing these outcomes for so long. ""I m smart enough to know that even though we are playing a game of basketball, there so much more going on in the world."" James words were questioned by many viewers, with some asking when the forward had become an expert in law and pointing to his perceived lack of action over human rights in China, which is a key market for sales of his shoes. ""It’s really sad what the NBA has turned into,""said one fan.""I’ve been watching for 40 years, love the game. But they’re killing it for me."" Another sarcastically shot back:""Sounds like Lebron is pretty distraught from this. I’m sure he cried all the way home in his Lamborghini."" No surprise, did LeBron even watch the video or just repeat talking points Maybe standing up to China is on his schedule for tomorrow? You have lost your mind. The man was seconds away from stabbing a police officer In Wisconsin, where Blake was shotte, the Marquette team wore black uniforms to protest the decision, and the Milwaukee Bucks, who share the Fiserv Forum with Marquette, sat out a first-round playoff game in August to show their feelings. ""We were going to wear the black uniforms regardless of the situation, whether [Sheskey] got charged or not,"" Marquette guard Koby McEwen said after the Golden Eagles 65-54 loss. ""If he got charged, it was support of it. If justice wasn t served, it was in protest."" A statement from Marquette said they were ""extremely disappointed"" and would ""continue to use our platform to advocate and fight for racial justice."" ""This is another reminder that just because racial and social injustice hasn t received as much attention recently, doesn t mean the need to fight against it has gone away,""they claimed. Police have the right to protect their own lives. Period. LeBron, I love your courageous compassion 🙏🏾 @KingJamesis a total douche and a idiot ! He loves playing the victim while he lives in a million dollar home . 🙄🙄 The Bucks did not comment specifically on the decision but said that they remained ""firmly against excessive use of force by law enforcement."" ""This past year shed light on the ongoing racial injustices facing our African American and other marginalized communities,""they declared. ""Reoccurring instances of excessive use of force and immediate escalation when engaging the black community must stop. ""As an organization, we remain strongly committed to address issues of social injustice and anti-racism and to make meaningful change for African Americans and all marginalized members of our community."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511679-lebron-james-jacob-blake-decision/
"6 Jan, 2021",Kenosha shops braced for riots after Wisconsin clears cop of crippling black man in shooting,"Tension is running high in Kenosha, Wisconsin, after state prosecutors decided not to press charges against a police officer, who left a black man paralyzed from the waist down by shooting him seven times in the back. The city of 100,000 located between Milwaukee and Chicago is bracing itself for possible riots on Wednesday, with shop owners protecting windows with boards and heavy law enforcement presence in the streets. Earlier on Monday, Governor Tony Evers announced he had mobilized about 500 Wisconsin National Guard troops to assist the authorities in Kenosha. On Tuesday, Kenosha County District Attorney Michael Graveley announced that officer Rusten Sheskey acted in self-defense in August during a confrontation with Jacob Blake Jr. Sheskey fired seven shots at Blake as he was getting into his car. The incident was filmed on a phone camera and triggered a deadly wave of protests in the city, adding to nationwide anger over police brutality and racism. Heavy national guard presence here in#Kenosha. Including several standing on the steps of the dinosaur museum.pic.twitter.com/pUDuV0DSEg Graveley said the viral footage did not give a complete picture of what had happened, and that the investigation confirmed that Blake was armed with a knife during his face-off with the police and that he was resisting arrest under a warrant when he was shot. “I do not believe the state… would be able to prove that the privilege of self-defense is not available,”Graveley said. The judgment was met with disappointment and anger by many people, who see it as the latest example of police not being held accountable for targeting the black community with excessive force. BREAKING: Kenosha DA Michael Gravely will NOT charge the officers involved in the August shooting of Jacob Blake. We are immensely disappointed and feel this decision failed not only Jacob and his family but the community that protested and demanded justice. I’m trying to find the words for how downright infuriating it feels to have just been about to press “publish” on a piece about the lack of police accountability and Breonna Taylor, only for my editor to tell me I needed to add Jacob Blake in now, too.https://t.co/DGI5YjPZcY The Milwaukee-based basketball team, Marquette, protested the decision by wearing black uniforms with the slogan“ blacklivesmatter ”for a game and took the knee before it. Tonight, Marquette is wearing black uniforms in support of Jacob Blake, his family and the Kenosha community.pic.twitter.com/sToPWgS4yN Some people challenged Graveley’s description of events and insisted that Blake was unarmed when he was shot in front of his children.“The video made it clear that Jacob ... never raised a knife,”said B’Ivory LaMarr, one of the lawyers for the Blake family. Kyle Rittenhouse shoots two blacklivesmatter protesters in Kenosha and raises millions of dollars for his defense.Kenosha police officer Rusten Sheskey shoots unarmed Black man, Jacob Blake, seven times in the back and faces no charges.https://t.co/VyoGHDszS2 Adding to the fury is a related case of Kyle Rittenhouse, a white 18-year-old, who shot and killed two men and injured another during a protest over Blake’s death in Kenosha. He insists he acted in self-defense and has pleaded not guilty on all charges before the Kenosha County Circuit Court. Rittenhouse was released on a $2 million bail in November, after a crowdfunding campaign in his defense led by his attorneys. He was charged with first-degree reckless homicide and five other criminal counts. Jury selection for his trial is set to begin in late March. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511661-kenosha-riots-blake-prosecution/
"6 Jan, 2021",Trump supporters clash with DC police in BLM plaza ahead of ‘Save America’ rally (VIDEO),"Dozens of pro-Trump supporters clashed with Washington DC police in BLM Plaza on Tuesday night, giving a preview of the volatile situation that the US capital may face soon as lawmakers are set to certify election results. Crowds of protesters, some of them shouting“This is American Plaza”were filmed pushing and shoving police in BLM Plaza next to Lafayette Square. The stretch of 16th Street NW was renamed last year after a huge “ blacklivesmatter ” slogan was painted there amid the nationwide protests against racism and police brutality. Chaotic scene in BLM Plaza as police clash with Trump supporters trying to rush the line#DC#WashingtonDC#January6thpic.twitter.com/wjGsUSaCWH The confrontation comes ahead of a joint session of the US Congress on Wednesday, which is set to count electoral votes and seal the outcome of the November presidential election as Joe Biden’s victory. President Trump claims that the election was rigged, and many of his supporters back this allegation. “Fight for Trump!” chants as the group marches to BLM Plaza here in DC#DC#WashingtonDC#January6thpic.twitter.com/C1jsYTUFC3 Trump supporters are flocking to DC for a massive “Save America March” in a last-ditch attempt to pressure lawmakers to overturn the election result. The president is expected to personally address the crowds in The Ellipse, south of the White House. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511647-blm-plaza-protesters-police/
"6 Jan, 2021","Trump to speak at ‘Save America’ rally outside White House, warns ‘terrorist’ Antifa to stay out of DC","US President Donald Trump has confirmed he will address the crowds gathering in Washington, DC as Congress prepares to certify the election, while warning the ‘terrorist organization’ Antifa to stay away. “Stay out of Washington,”Trump tweeted on Tuesday evening, calling Antifa a“terrorist organization.”He added the law enforcement is watching“very closely”and tagged the FBI, the Defense Department, the Justice Department, Homeland Security and Interior – which runs the US Park Police, responsible for federal property in DC – in the tweet. Antifa is a Terrorist Organization, stay out of Washington. Law enforcement is watching you very closely!@DeptofDefense@TheJusticeDept@DHSgov@DHS_Wolf@SecBernhardt@SecretService@FBI He also confirmed that he would address the Save America rally at 11am local time on Wednesday, urging“big crowds”to arrive early as“doors”to the Ellipse – an open space on the south side of the White House – will open at 7 in the morning. I will be speaking at the SAVE AMERICA RALLY tomorrow on the Ellipse at 11AM Eastern. Arrive early — doors open at 7AM Eastern. BIG CROWDS!pic.twitter.com/k4blXESc0c Thousands of the president’s supporters have arrived in the US capital ahead of Wednesday’s joint session of Congress that is expected to certify the election of Democrat Joe Biden as president, even as 150 or so Republican lawmakers said they would object. Trump appears to be expecting Vice President Mike Pence to“reject fraudulently chosen electors,” meaning the delegations from five states in which his campaign alleged misconduct in administering the vote and even outright fraud. In a series of tweets on Tuesday, Trump said he hoped the Democrats will take notice of the protesters who“won’t stand for a landslide election victory to be stolen.”Even more importantly, he said, the“weak and ineffective RINO [Republican in Name Only] section of the republicanparty ”should pay attention. HetaggedSenate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky), and Senators John Cornyn (R-Texas) and John Thune (R-South Dakota), all of whom have refused to back his challenge to the legitimacy of the November 3 election and urged the party to move on into the Biden presidency. “Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats,”Trump tweeted.“Our Country has had enough, they won’t take it anymore! We hear you (and love you) from the Oval Office. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats. Our Country has had enough, they won’t take it anymore! We hear you (and love you) from the Oval Office. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! His social media manager Dan Scavino took the“hear you and love you”literally, tweeting out a short video in which music and chanting of protesters could be heard from the West Wing. 🔊WOW! We hear you from the West Wing—THANK YOU❤️🇺🇸🦅pic.twitter.com/onytmaJUhp DC Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat, hasrequestedthe National Guard as backup and urged residents to refrain from engaging with protesters who“come to our city seeking confrontation.” Meanwhile, DC policearrestedProud Boys leader Enrique Tarrio, who flew into the capital to take part in the Trump rally. Tarrio was arrested for“destruction of property”– referring to the Proud Boys destroying a blacklivesmatter during a protest last month – but then additionally charged with possession of“two high-capacity firearm magazines,”though no weapon for them. A DC judge has ordered Tarrio to stay away from the District entirely, citing his own social media posts admitting to torching a BLM banner and saying he’d“do it again,”and noting there are such signs and murals all over the city. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511631-trump-rally-election-washington/
"5 Jan, 2021","Proud Boys chairman released from jail but ordered to stay away from DC, blocking him from attending pro-Trump protest","Proud Boys Chairman Enrique Tarrio has been released from jail in Washington but was ordered to stay outside the city until his next court hearing, preventing him from attending a protest challenging Joe Biden election victory. Superior Court Magistrate Judge Renee Raymond on Tuesday ordered Tarrio to stay outside the District of Columbia until his court hearing in June. She denied a request by Tarrio to limit the ban to blacklivesmatter Plaza. BREAKING: The Corrupt DC Judge has Banned Proud Boys Leader Enrique Tarrio from the District of Columbia... That’s gonna go over like a lead Twinkie.. The ruling came one day after Tarrio was arrested shortly after arriving in Washington to participate in demonstrations demanding that President-elect Biden win be overturned. A massive protest is expected in the capital city on Wednesday, when Congress convenes to certify electoral results from across the nation. President Donald Trump has alleged that Biden won based on hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes. Tarrio, 36, was charged with destruction of property over the torching of a BLM banner that was torn from a black church last month in Washington. Raymond reportedly suggested that BLM signs in the city would be put at risk if Tarrio were allowed to stay in the city. Tarrio, who is Afro-Cuban by heritage and lives in Miami, also facesweapons chargesbecause upon his arrest, he was allegedly found to be in possession of two high-capacity ammunition magazines that are illegal in DC. Conservatives pointed out the irony of Tarrio being prosecuted for allegedly burning a banner after BLM and Antifa rioters largely got away with burning a historic church, vandalizing national monuments, violently attacking people and throwing rocks and bottles of urine at police. The order that will prevent him from attending the protests was seen as adding insult to injury. “They are afraid to have him out for the 6th,”one Twitter user said.“Don t worry. I m pretty sure his boys will prevail at protecting innocent people.” They are afraid to have him out for the 6th. Don’t worry I’m pretty sure his boys will prevail at protecting INNOCENT people . ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511632-proud-boys-released-kicked-out-dc/
"5 Jan, 2021","Five MSM corona-flops of 2020: With Covid still on scene, don’t fall for ALL of the media’s fearmongering this year","With a new year comes a new strain of coronavirus and a new wave of fear-porn news stories. But as 2020 proved, you can’t trust everything the media tells you about Covid-19. A year since it first spread beyond China and engulfed the world, Covid-19 hasn’t abated. Some 88 million people worldwide have caught the deadly illness, and nearly two million have perished. With a new and more infectious strain on the rise, governments have implementeddraconian restrictionson liberties and urged their populations to get vaccinated, withfurtherdeprivationsof freedoms on the horizon for those who refuse. Ahead of an uncertain year, in which a return to normality looks ever more distant, the mainstream media is standing by to bring you the most graphic and terrifying stories of the virus’ impact – like the New York Times did last week in a photofeaturechronicling the“wave after wave”of the virus that hit Europe, or two weeks earlier when itdescribedthe“unseen and incalculable”scars of survivors. But these stories won’t always be trustworthy. The media proved this on numerous occasions during 2020, often peddling fake news to earn clicks or push their narrative. The mainstream media went to great lengths in 2020 to warn the public of dangerous“misinformation”about Covid-19, in particularanythingthat smacks of anti-vaxx sentiment. Yet the“trustworthy”information broadcast by the media changed by the day. First, Americans weretoldto“get a grippe,”and remember that“the flu is a much bigger threat than coronavirus.”They weretoldthat“people in the United States shouldn’t panic.”However, they were soon told the exact opposite, asarticlesadvising them“how to sleep with coronavirus anxiety”and how toweatherthe“mental and emotional fallout of living and working through a pandemic”soon replaced these soothing stories. Of course, nobody can issue authoritative declarations at the beginning of a new and unknown pandemic, and our collective understanding of the coronavirus changed repeatedly last year as new facts came to light. Still, some media outlets seemingly preferred to pretend they were right from the beginning. Vox, for example, told its readers in March that they could“pass on”face masks, calling them“only useful if you have a respiratory infection already.” When mask-wearing became gospel, Vox deleted its tweet. However, it wasn’t the first time the liberal news site u-turned on its own statements. Shortly before tweeting about masks in March, Vox deleted a tweet from January in which it confidently declared:“Is this going to be a deadly pandemic? No.” When the new coronavirus hit American shores, New York was the first city to see mass hospitalizations. Back in March, CBS News ran video footage showing an overcrowded hospital ward in the city, featuring nurses in protective gear scrambling to tend to bedridden patients. In reality, the footage was shot in a hospital in Bergamo, Italy, by Sky News several days earlier. Once found out, CBS blamed its inclusion on an“editing mistake”and removed it from all of its shows. CBS News is under fire for using footage of the “worst hit” hospital in Bergamo, Italy to illustrate a report about the coronavirus outbreak in New York.https://t.co/1vIxv4tzCO CBS wasn’t the only news outlet caught recycling footage during the pandemic. Just last month, viewerscaughta local news station in Los Angeles using scenes from a Brooklyn hospital in March to portray LA’s hospitals“at their breaking point.” Stories of human tragedy abound during the Covid-19 pandemic, but in their hunger for tear-jerking moments, some mainstream media outlets broadcast some straight-up fake news. A clip originally broadcast by CBS in April showed nurse Imaris Vera bursting into tears and describing how she quit her job after“none of the nurses”in a dedicated coronavirus unit were wearing masks. Furthermore, she called out her Chicago hospital for banning nurses from using their own protective equipment in the facility. “America is not prepared,”she sobbed,“and nurses are not being protected.” Vera’s acting fooled CBS – and Vermont SenatorBernie Sanders– until it emerged that she had actually been given an N95 mask to wear, and that she quit on her first day back on the job, after taking a year out to build a career as an Instagram model and promote her own brand of boutique scrubs. Thevideo, complete with captions and dramatic music, is still available on CBS’ Twitter page. Whatever public health diktats our governments issue and our journalists promote this year, expect them to disregard these rules the moment the cameras switch off. Sky News’ Kay Burley spent months hammering UK politicians like Dominic Cummings for breaking their own lockdown rules, only to be caught dining out last month with nearly a dozen colleagues to celebrate her birthday. She wasn’t the only media moralizer to fall on her own sword. Piers Morgan advocated for closing pubs and canceling Christmas, and branded those who disobeyed the British government’s draconian lockdown“Covidiots.”That is, until his son fanciedmarchingin London with ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ protesters in July. Across the Atlantic, journalists savaged President Donald Trump for forgoing his face mask, until the cameras stopped rolling. In just one day in May, CNN’s Kaitlin Collins grilled Trump for not wearing a mask, beforeslipping hers offfollowing a subsequent White House press briefing, once Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany walked off the podium. Russia’s Sputnik V was the world’s first registered Covid-19 vaccine, and its arrival on the scene drove much of the western media hopping mad. Theysounded the alarmover its hasty approval, called it a“propaganda instrument,”and declared that taking“Putin’s vaccine”would be akin to playing“Russian roulette”with one’s life. As it turned out, Sputnik Vpassedits Stage-3 clinical trials with flying colors, and was deployed to the Russian public in early December. More than 50 countries signed up to purchase doses of the vaccine, and British-Swedish drugmaker AstraZeneca signed an agreement late last month to research the possible benefits of combining shots of its own vaccine with Sputnik V into a single immunization regimen. Meanwhile, authorities in the US and UK had no problem issuing similar emergency authorizations to US drug firm Pfizer, while the mediacelebratedthe first shots of the company’s vaccine being administered. Funny how vaccine skepticism only works one way. ",https://www.rt.com/news/511389-covid-news-stories-fear/
"5 Jan, 2021",Proud Boys chairman arrested in DC for ‘destruction of property’ after last year’s torching of BLM banner,"Proud Boys Chairman Enrique Tarrio, whose group torched a BLM banner torn from a black church last month in Washington, has reportedly been arrested after returning to the nation’s capital for a pro-Trump protest. Metropolitan Police nabbed Tarrio, 36, on Monday. During his arrest for destruction of property, he was allegedly found to be in possession of two high-capacity ammunition magazines, in violation of the District of Columbia’s strict gun laws, the New York Timesreported. The propertychargestemmed from the burning of a blacklivesmatter banner during a protest last month. Tarrio had returned to Washington for a massive demonstration that is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, when Congress convenes to certify election results from Democrat Joe Biden’s victory over President Donald Trump. The Proud Boys have been among the most aggressive and controversial backers of the president, rallying in recent weeks over Trump’s allegations of massive election fraud. The group has had a series of violent clashes with Antifa and BLM demonstrators at events across the country during Trump’s term, including confrontations that led to four people being stabbed last month in DC. USA Today reporter Will Carless said he was interviewing by phone on Monday when sirens were heard blaring in the background. Tarrio told his driver to pull over the car, Carless said, then told the reporter,“They’re for me. Here’s something to write about.” #BREAKINGI was just interviewing Proud Boys chairman Enrique Tarrio by phone.While we were on the call, sirens started blaring in the background.He told his driver to pull over. Said ""They re for me,"" then ""Here something to write about.""He *may have been arrested. Conservatives were outraged that DC police were apparently poised to pounce when Tarrio returned to the city, pointing out that BLM and Antifa rioters set fires, vandalized national monuments, destroyed property and threw rocks and other projectiles at police – mostly without being arrested. “You can destroy an entire row of storefronts in DC and not get arrested, but if you destroy a blacklivesmatter flag...”said lawyer Will Chamberlain, co-publisher of Human Events. You can destroy an entire row of storefronts in DC and not get arrested, but if you destroy a blacklivesmatter flag...https://t.co/jxpkgNiK27 Political analyst Matt Couch, who describes himself as a friend of Tarrio, said he believes the city could be sued for discrimination.“DC police didn’t arrest any of the rioters who burned the St. John’s Church, but they arrest Enrique Tarrio over a BLM banner,”he said. Leader of the Proud Boys and my friend Enrique Tarrio is being arrested for a misdemeanor in Washington, D.C. as he just landed at the airport. They are arresting him for taking the fall for the burning of the blacklivesmatter Banner at the last event. Per Joe Biggs on phone. Tarrio, who is Afro-Cuban by heritage, took responsibility for the BLM banner burning in a Parler post last month. He denied that the incident was a hate crime, saying the only hatred in his heart“is for communism and an authoritarian government.”He called BLM a Marxist movement. “Come get me if you feel like what I did was wrong,”Tarrio added.“We’ll let the public decide.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511535-tarrio-proud-boys-arrested-blm/
"5 Jan, 2021",Protesters in Minneapolis raise SOMALI flag after police kill suspected felon," blacklivesmatter and Muslim organizations led a protest in Minneapolis, Minnesota against the police shooting of a suspected gun felon who shot first. The protesters hoisted a Somali flag over a building at one point. Hundreds of protesters marched in the city on Sunday, in a demonstration organized by ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ activists and Muslim organizations. They were protesting over the killing of Dolal Idd, 23, the son of a Somali immigrant. As Muslim community leadersaddressedthe crowd in Somali, some protesters raised a Somalian flag over a gas station, allegedly after taking down an American flag. #MinneapolisThey’re still going to protest against the officer-involved shooting in Minneapolis; despite it being clear on bodycam that the man attempted to ram officers with a vehicle; and then fired a handgun at police, prior to officers returning fire.pic.twitter.com/jh4KHKEE3O The gesture incensed conservatives.“What complete utter disrespect,”one commenter wrote.“Imagine raising an American flag in Somalia... you’d be tortured and killed. People who don’t value American culture and laws need to go back.” What compete utter disrespect. Imagine raising an American flag in Somalia... you’d be tortured and killed. People who don’t value American culture and laws need to go back.https://t.co/FhbKqiM5Mb They come here, they plant their flag on our soil, and what do we do? We applaud it as part of the “great American melting pot” instead of the attempt to conquer the whole of America. No civilization has ever cheered over its own demise and survived.https://t.co/YFkTONJnxo Idd was shot dead by Minneapolis police last Wednesday. Bodycamera footageof the fatal shooting released on Thursday showed Idd firing at police after they stopped his car in what theycalleda“probable cause”weapons investigation. He was killed when officers returned fire. Though the video footage showed Idd firing first, one Muslim activist told the Minneapolis Star Tribune that he believed the footage to be edited and“inconclusive.” There may be as many as 250,000 Somalis in the Twin Cities, having been settled there by US charities as refugees after clan wars plunged Somalia into anarchy in the early 1990s. Minneapolis is actually represented in the US House by Congresswoman Ilhan Omar (D-Minnesota), first elected in 2018. Six Minneapolis PD officers are currently awaiting trial over the death of George Floyd, an African-American man, during a botched arrest at the end of May. Cell phone video showed Floyd complaining he couldn’t breathe as an officer was kneeling on his neck. Protests over Floyd’s death quickly turned into violent riots in Minneapolis and neighboring St. Paul, before spreading to nearly every major US city during the summer. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511534-minneapolis-somali-flag-protest/
"4 Jan, 2021","DC mayor taps NATIONAL GUARD for Trump rally, gets reminded that MAGA crowds ‘aren’t the ones that torch & loot’","Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser has requested National Guard troops and urged residents to avoid downtown as Donald Trump supporters plan to descend on the US capital to protest the certification of Joe Biden’s election victory. Bowser’s office told media outlets on Monday that she had asked the National Guard to send about 340 unarmed troops to help District of Columbia police and firefighters to manage demonstrations by supporters of President Trump, but noted only 115 would be deployed at once. The mayor advised Washington residents to stay out of the downtown area and refrain from engaging with protesters who“come to our city seeking confrontation.” Mayor Bowser has called up the National Guard to help police manage the pro-Trump demonstrations Tuesday and Wednesday. Ironically, the mayor made no such call for military help when blacklivesmatter protesters set fires, vandalized national monuments and hurled rocks and bottles of urine at Secret Service agents earlier this year. In fact, Bowser in Junecalled on Trump to withdrawNational Guard soldiers and other federal forces who had been deployed to help quell riots. The mayor even renamed a street in front of the White House“ blacklivesmatter Plaza”and ordered that the BLM slogan to be painted on the pavement in giant letters. On Monday, conservatives reminded her that it wasn’t MAGA protesters who caused havoc in the city. Dear@MayorBowser:@realDonaldTrumpsupporters weren’t the ones rioting, looting big-screen TVs from Best Buy, tearing down Lincoln statues, torching churches, throwing rocks at police, and beating up innocent bystanders.Those were#BLM,#antifa, & other@JoeBidensupporters.https://t.co/gRsAFwsjOS “Donald Trump supporters weren’t the ones rioting, looting big-screen TVs from Best Buy, tearing down Lincoln statues, torching churches, throwing rocks at police and beating up innocent bystanders,”Republican lawyer Mike Davis said.“Those were BLM, Antifa and other Joe Biden supporters.” Why did DC’s mayor Muriel Bowser just ask the National Guard to shut down the Stop the Steal rally happening this Wednesday, but Bowser allowed weeks of violent blacklivesmatter riots?🤔 Self-described“classical liberal”Sally Eastman agreed, saying:“Muriel Bowser is a coward. She cannot fathom that a few hundred thousand people could peaceably assemble to protest because all she understands is rioting and looting.” #MurielBowseris a coward. She cannot fathom that a few hundred thousand people could peaceably assemble to protest bc all she understands is rioting and looting. BLM and Antifa activists have had violent clashes with conservatives at gatherings in Washington last year. People leaving Trump’s Republican National Convention speech at the White House in August, including Senator Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) and his wife, were accosted by mobs of leftist protesters. Bowser, however, blamed Trump supporters for violence that erupted following demonstrations. Yeah, our mayor is out of her mind! The damage and division she’s caused in The District is freaking shameful! Bowser told reporters on Monday that guns won’t be permitted at this week’s protests, and she may impose a curfew. Washington Police Chief Robert Contee said his department had received information indicating that some people plan to bring guns to the city. NEW: DC Police chief at a briefing with Mayor Bowser on Jan. 5-6 protests:""We have received some information that there are individuals intent on bringing firearms into our city. That just will not be tolerated."" ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511528-dc-national-guard-trump-rally/
"4 Jan, 2021","‘Completely reprehensible’: Uruguayan players’ union wades into Cavani ‘negrito’ row, blasts FA over treatment of Man United star","The Uruguayan players union has blasted the FA for the three-game ban imposed on Edinson Cavani for a controversial Instagram post, furiously claiming that the Manchester United striker has been discriminated against. The body, which oversees the rights of Uruguayan footballers, issued a harsh rebuke of the the FA decision to issue Cavani with the ban and a fine of £100,000 (around $134,000) after he wrote ""gracias negrito (thank you small black man)"" in a reply to a comment on his official Instagram page. Cavani swiftly deleted the comment and issued an apology after being made aware of the potential racial connotations of his message and has since received the support of Uruguayan language experts who declared that The FA failed to take Cavani comment in the context it was intended, and that the term negrito is a term of endearment in the culture from which he hails. The Uruguayan players union echoed the point on Monday, saying that Cavani sanction is a ""discriminatory act"" against not just the player, but all Uruguayans. 🇺🇾¡Estamos con vos@ECavaniOfficial!#GraciasNegritopic.twitter.com/hPJZKT6Zy1 ""Firstly, we must condemn the arbitrary conduct of the English Football Association. Far from condemning racism, the English FA has itself committed a discriminatory act against the culture and the way of life of the Uruguayan people,"" they wrote in a statement. ""Edinson Cavani has never committed any conduct that could be interpreted as racist. We would therefore like to publicly defend Edinson Cavani impeccable character and, of course, our country culture. ""We request the FA to immediately overturn the sanction imposed on Edinson Cavani and reinstate his good name and honor in the world that has been so unfairly tarnished by this reprehensible decision."" A post shared by Edinson Cavani (@cavaniofficial21) The statement was quickly endorsed by two of Cavani international teammates, Diego Godin and Lucas Torreira, who both retweeted the statement along with messages of support for their colleague. It appears unlikely, though that The FA will reverse their decision to issue the punishment to Cavani - particularly amid the wave of blacklivesmatter protests which have made their way into the sport - not least in the Premier League - in recent months. Cavani has already served one game of his three-match suspension, missing out on Manchester United recent win against Aston Villa. He is also set to be absent from United forthcoming Carabao Cup semi-final against Manchester City as well as the the FA Cup third-round tie at home to Watford three days later. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511497-edinson-cavani-uruguay-players-union/
"3 Jan, 2021",Police in Wales STOP anti-BLM football fans from protesting OUTSIDE stadium – as players freely continue to take a knee,"An increased police presence outside Swansea City’s Liberty Stadium has been credited with stopping anti-BLM fans from protesting before their team’s match with Watford on Saturday as players kneeled inside the stadium. After a group of Swansea fans had gathered outside the stadium to boo and sound horns before their team’s two previous home games against Reading and Barnsley, the club and local South Wales police moved in to ensure the scenes were not repeated for the visit of Watford this weekend. The police confirmed toUK mediathat they had been out in larger numbers than usual on Saturday, with a large fence being erected around the site of previous protests to stop angry fans from gathering to vent their unhappiness at players continuing to take a knee in support of blacklivesmatter . Inside the Liberty Stadium, both sets of players continued with the gesture before kick-off in the Championship clash – as has become customary for footballers across the country. The game was played behind closed doors due to ongoing Covid-19 restrictions in the UK. Footageshared on social media appeared to show a small group of Swansea fans taking to a nearby park to set off fireworks and klaxons to continue the protest, in what was described as“Plan B”because the area around the stadium“was crawling with police.” “Bringing politics into sport is not on. blacklivesmatter is a Marxist organization which preaches anti-white hatred,”one protester was quoted as saying. On Twitter, one user said the group of fans were“legends”for protesting the take a knee gesture by players, which they said was“symbolic with BLM political Marxism.” “Remember what BLM stand for and have done… Politics should be kept out of football and sport,”added another. After the previous protest against Reading, one person had queried:“Show me the law that says they can’t disagree with BLM.” “It isn t against black people, it against the racists at the BLM who would like to have lists against anyone who disagrees with them and their Marxist agenda,”wrote another. Another fan backed their right to protest, writing:“Surely Swansea fans have a right to peacefully register their protest if they disagree with BLM. In a tolerant society the right to peacefully protest is a right for ALL and even if we disagree it must remain that way or we become even more divided?” The case follows a row over fans at other English league clubs booing when players took a knee before matches. A group of Millwall supporters were condemned for their protest, while the chairman of League Two team Colchester said he would refund the season ticket cost for any fans booing while players took a knee, in a bid to keep them out of the stadium. Fellow League Two team Exeterejected a fan from their home stadiumafter booing was heard when players took a knee before kick-off in a match in December. At Cambridge United,some supporters were bannedafter booing when players kneeled, while others were required others to be ‘re-educated’ before they can return to watch their team. After the incidents with Millwall and Colchester, the English Football Association decided to take no disciplinary action but warned that“we will continue to monitor and investigate should similar crowd-related incidents occur.” Swansea won Saturday game 2-1 and are flying high in second in the Championship table, four points behind leaders Norwich as they chase promotion to the Premier League. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511414-swansea-fans-police-blm-protests/
"3 Jan, 2021",A creeping black vs. black schism is dividing America as some descendants of slaves demand a special status over immigrants,"The blacklivesmatter movement has shone a spotlight on many racial issues and has inadvertently led to a higher profile for the issue of how American Descendants of Slavery are treated, and what their place is in US society. Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney ‘Judas and the Black Messiah’, thebiopicof assassinated Black Panther chairman Fred Hampton, is the type of movie you’d expect to spark controversy. But most wouldn’t expect it to be in the form of criticism that a black man was cast in the lead role. The issue for some is that he’s the ‘wrong type’ of black, as Daniel Kaluuya is a Londoner with Ugandan parents. They instead wanted the role to go to a not-very-well-known subset of the black diaspora, an American Descendant of Slavery (ADOS). One infuriated black America womantweeted:“Why is Daniel Kaluuya in the US seeking roles of Black American#ADOScivil rights icons? If he doesn t want to talk about race, seek other roles, stay away from ADOS history. Our history is the story of a people forced into a race struggle.” The spat has offered a glimpse into a passionate and raging debate that many will be unaware of. In 1988, Rev. Jesse Jackson popularised theterm‘African American’. The problem is that African or West Indian immigrants to the US can also be classified under that category, alongside black people born in America. The concept of ADOS is to carve out an identity and pathway exclusive to just the descendants of slavery in North America. It’s a complex matter, and it excludes millions of individuals. For example, one of the founders of ADOS, Antonio Moore, has spoken about how Barack Obama should not be seen as one of them, as the former president’s mother was white and his father Kenyan:“Barack Obama rode the narrative of slavery, the memory of Martin Luther King Jr., and the celebrity cache of Oprah, all the way to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.” The ADOS approach is causing increasing tension between groups in everyday life. Writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, who moved to the US from Nigeria to study at the age of 19, has experienced such issues, explaining,“There is a certain kind of black American that deeply resents an African whom they think of as privileged, privileged Nigerians especially. My husband and I have got to the airport and they’ve said to us, ‘You’re Nigerian, I bet you have twenty-five thousand dollars in your bag, let’s see it.’” The converse viewpoint also exists. William A. Darity Jr. of Duke University is one of the leading scholars in the field, and he produces much of the content that ADOS proponents rely on. He told RT this week:“The irony is recent black immigrants seem resistant to the ADOS assertion of a distinct ethnic identity while maintaining their own identity as Nigerian (even more narrowly as Igbo), Ghanaian, Jamaican, etc.” The idea of being divided into a social category by skin colour is alien to most Africans. Kenyan writer Mkawasi Mcharo Hallexplains:“Our identity was and still is ingrained in ethnicity, not in skin color. It explains why most Africans experience being called black or African for the first time when they come to America.” There are simple examples of this. Amala and Efo riro are popular Nigerian dishes, but they wouldn’t be accurately described as African, in the same way haggis would be classed Scottish and not European. It’s also common for immigrants to grasp their culture to a greater degree than they did previously. The basic human condition of wanting to feel at home results in families creating local groups, or opening shops to import their national products. There is no malice – it’s an instinct, as most people feel some connection to their homeland and want to express it. That communal rallying point doesn’t exist for ADOS. Due to the horrific crimes committed against their ancestors, they don’t know where they came from. Most slaves arrived in the Americas from West Africa, with Benin evenapologisingfor its role in selling fellow Africans back in 2000. This is a point that a major motivation for the all-black militia NFAC leader Grand Master Jay, whotold RTearlier this year,“We have no identity, they call us African Americans but tell me, where in Africa? There are 55 countries in Africa.” The schism is exacerbated, as African immigrants generally have higher average earnings than ADOS, while they and their children tend to do better academically. The key behind their success is they have a better level of education and therefore can command greater salaries – as Darity Jr. explainedm“Generally immigrants who are hyper-selected from the population of their country of origin do better than the native-born population, on average, in the receiving country. Hyper-selectivity means the immigrant population has a higher level of education and financial resources than the average for their fellow citizens. Recent African immigrants to the US represent an extreme of hyper-selectivity; they are better educated than most Americans, black or white, upon arrival.” Astudy in 2013showed that 35 percent of African immigrants had a college degree, higher than the entire US population (30 percent) and far more than ADOS (19 percent). It also revealed that the average salary for a black immigrant was $43,800 and for ADOS it was $33,500 – although the US average was $52,000. Along with pressure from some parties for a greater role for ADOS in the arts, namely using their own actors to play real-life characters, there also an ongoing campaign for reparations for slavery, which would only be given to those who can prove an ADOS lineage. So if someone was descended from slaves in Barbados, they wouldn’t be eligible. As we move into the new year, I challenge#ADOS/our allies 2 stay focused, remain steadfast & on mission, keep growing in understanding & agile enough 2 try new strategies 4 new challenges. We have what it takes 2 do what most think is impossible. Stay exceptional!✊🏾#Reparationspic.twitter.com/Yg1k0pGlJX Darity Jr. said,“While there are some individuals in the ADOS movement who are excessively concerned with immigration policy, the majority are concerned primarily with reparations specifically for the ADOS community. ADOS has a unique claim on the US government just as the former British colonies in CARICOM have a unique claim on the UK, and the Congo has a unique claim on Belgium.” The tumultuous events of 2020 which spawned the BLM movement have added another edge to the debate. Can a newly arrived immigrant from Africa with a well-paying job and university education have the same problem with structural racism as a minimum-wage blue-collar ADOS? The idea of growing up somewhere, compared to relocating, is vastly different, as ADOS founder Antonio Moore hasexpressedwith feeling.“The audacity that it takes to come to a post- Cosby Show America for less than a lifetime and feel the right to interject half-baked opinions about American black life is something I still can’t understand.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511252-ados-black-schism-us/
"2 Jan, 2021","No longer ‘JUST AN IDEA’? With Trump on way out and Biden on way in, Portland mayor finally vows to ‘push back’ against Antifa","After seven months of almost nonstop riots, when even the firebombing of his own condo building couldn t spur him to act, Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler has suddenly vowed to “push back” against the Antifa violence plaguing his city. “My good-faith efforts at de-escalation have been met with ongoing violence and even scorn from radical Antifa and anarchists,”Wheeler said Friday, in a New Year Day address.“In response, it will be necessary to use additional tools and to push the limits of the tools we already have to bring the criminal destruction and violence to an end.” Wheeler went so far as to condemn""anyone who engages in violence or criminal destruction""and called on federal law enforcement agencies to partner with local and state police to develop plans for fighting anarchist violence. The statement comes after months of the mayor blaming President Donald Trump for inciting violent protests. The timing of Wheeler turnabout – with Democrat President-elect Joe Biden scheduled to take office on January 20 -- wasn t lost on social media users. One commenter translated the mayor message as follows:""Antifa has outlasted their usefulness. I cannot let them continue to be a nuisance to the Biden administration."" ""Antifa has outlasted their usefulness, I can not let them continue be a nuisance to the Biden administration."" Other observers mocked Wheeler and other Democrats for previously downplaying Antifa negative impact. Biden even called the group""an idea, not an organization""in his September 29 presidential debate with Trump. ""But Joe Biden told us Antifa was just an idea,""Trump supporter Matt Hudgens said.""Also, you re a year late. You wanted the riots for political gain. Don t act like suddenly you condemn them now.""School-safety activist Kyle Kashuv echoed those sentiments, saying,""But I was reliably told by officials (Ted Wheeler) that Antifa was just an idea."" But@JoeBidentold us ""Antifa"" was just an idea...Also.. Your a year late@tedwheeler.. You wanted the riots for political gain.. Don t act like suddenly you condemn them now..pic.twitter.com/tvrcD4fAC3 But I was reliably told by officials (ted wheeler) that antifa was just an idea?https://t.co/KLvYFTnryx The Portland Antifa and blacklivesmatter riots, which began in late May after the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis police custody, have resulted in millions of dollars in property damage and led to violent assaults, murder and the temporary takeover of a section of the city, which was declared a separate country. Wheeler announced in early September that he was moving out of his upscale Pearl District condominium after rioters tried to torch the building. Even then, Wheeler lamented the incident from the perspective that it distracted from""theimportant messageof the racial justice movement""– not as a sign that those responsible for the violence need to be apprehended and punished. Portland latest major flare-up of violence occurred on New Year Eve, when rioters vandalized properties, set fires and allegedly threw firebombs at police. Wheeler said Friday that Portland needs to upgrade its surveillance capabilities to gather intelligence on""small groups of organized criminals.""He also called for harsher sentences against those convicted of damaging property and suggested that the perpetrators be required to meet with the victims of their crimes and perform community service work, such as picking up litter and removing graffiti. He told business owners and others who have been victimized that,""I want you to know you have my full sympathy."" ""It’s time to push back harder against those who are set on destroying our community and to take more risks in fighting lawlessness,""Wheeler added. Twitter users ridiculed Wheeler for arriving at that conclusion so late in the game.""He trying to put the toothpaste back in the tube,""former US House Speaker Newt Gingrich said. He’s trying to put the toothpaste back in the tube.https://t.co/fFhJcr5gsX Podcast host Felix Fernandes agreed, saying Wheeler is""about six months late with his tough talk. His inaction is why it even an issue today."" Portland Mayor@tedwheeleris about 6-months too late with his tough talk... his inaction is why it’s even an issue today....#PortlandRiots#portland#toolatepic.twitter.com/qY4oiPwAW4 ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511387-portland-mayor-wheeler-condemns-antifa/
"2 Jan, 2021",‘Serious injustice’: Uruguayan language experts issue stinging criticism of FA’s ban for Cavani over ‘negrito’ post,"Uruguayan language experts have issued a harsh rebuke of the FA three-game ban of Man United striker Edinson Cavani, noting that English football governing body failed to see the context of his controversial social media post. Uruguay international Cavani was hit with the ban and a fine of £100,000 over the 33-year-old use of the term Negrito (small black person) in an Instagram post. Cavani quickly deleted the offending post when he became aware of possible racial connotations and issued an apology to say that he is ""completely opposed to racism"". The FA, though, have adopted a zero tolerance policy when it comes to issues such as this amid a broader debate of racism in sport following the waves of blacklivesmatter protests last year and announced that they found Cavani post to be ""insulting, abusive, improper and [to have] brought the game into disrepute."" The FA also indicated that they saw the post - in which Cavani wrote ""Gracias (thank you) Negrito"" in response to a comment - as being an ""aggravated breach"" of their rules ""as it included reference, whether express or implied, to colour and/or race and/or ethnic origin."" A post shared by Edinson Cavani (@cavaniofficial21) However, on Friday Uruguay’s Academia Nacional de Letras (National Academy of Letters) stated that the word negrito is a commonly-used term of endearment and no different to words like ""gordo"" (fatso) or ""flaco"" (skinny one) and don t come with an association of racism. ""In the Spanish of Uruguay, for example, in couples or among friends, between parents and children, one often hears and reads expressions such as… gordito, negri, negrito…"" they said. ""In fact, a person so addressed is not necessarily overweight or dark-skinned."" The academy also issued a stinging rejection of The FA punishment towards Cavani and said that their sanctions against the player were unfair and came about as a result of a ""poverty of cultural and linguistic knowledge."" They also noted that The FA ""committed a serious injustice to a Uruguayan athlete of the highest international level and has exposed ignorance… regarding the use of language and in particular Spanish, without taking note of all its complexities and contexts."" However, it remains extremely unlikely that The FA will review its suspension for Cavani. He served the first of the three game ban during Friday 2-1 win against Aston Villa and will also be absent from Manchester United Carabao Cup semi-final against Manchester City and the FA Cup third round fixture with Championship side Watford. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511380-edinson-cavani-ban-uruguay-language-experts/
"2 Jan, 2021","Joe Rogan vs. Spotify, reporters reliving ‘Trump Years,’ Twitter casting movies: 2021 predictions for mainstream media & Hollywood","Social justice warriors and their wokedom religion only became stronger in 2020, and it may get even worse in 2021 thanks to self-congratulating reporters, a frightened Hollywood, and shifting goal posts. Zachary Leeman is a US-based journalist and author of the novelNigh. If you think Joe Biden entering the White House and a Covid-19 vaccine will return the world to some vague sense of normalcy in 2021, you haven’t been paying attention. Cultural divides have only grown sharper in 2020, partly fueled by a heated and contested presidential election and virtue-signaling stemming from Covid-19 on both sides of the political aisle. Meanwhile, wokedom has quietly grown, claiming new victims this year and promising more cultural battles and changes to come in 2021. Here are some predictions for what exactly some of those could look like... If you want a look at what the mainstream media will be in a post-Trump presidency world, look no further than CNN’s ‘Reliable Sources.’ On last Sunday’s show, host Brian Stelter invited six“CNNers,”including constant Trump critics Jake Tapper, Jim Acosta, and Daniel Dale, onto his show to reminisce about what it was like to survive the“Trump years.”Listening to the ‘journos’ talk about their battle to call out the“lies”of the president and other White House officials, the conversation had the feel of war veterans gathering to discuss their time in the trenches together, fighting for their flag. “Donald Trump, because of his disruptions and the way he disrupted just how presidents and public figures behave, and his actions too, changed the way that the news media at large behaves,” says CNN’s@jaketapper.pic.twitter.com/JoZTswnUQY These ‘brave’ souls patting each other on the back for nearly an hour is exactly what mainstream media/panel discussions will be in 2021: journalists reminding the world of their victory over Trump and virtue signaling to the most extreme base on the left, practically begging to be thanked for their service. Have you shown appreciation for your local liberal advoca, ahem, journalist yet? The worst thing any of these people faced over the past four years was a delayed Starbucks order but here comes Brian Stelter and his group therapy session. Fox’s ‘Family Guy’ has managed to toe an impressive line for nearly two decades now. The series has pushed irreverent, politically incorrect humor while never getting the heat and chants of ‘shame’ that come from the woke mob anytime an animatedserieslike ‘South Park’ decides to poke fun at the whole world, liberals included. ‘Family Guy’ has managed to do this by constantly earning its liberal bona fides by making sure conservatives are always on their list of safe targets. Despite this, however, the cartoon has a dark, dark secret, one that could be weaponized against it should it ever cross the line in an increasingly triggered world: they gave mean, old conservatives a platform. Trump supporter James Woods has appeared in multiple episodes of the series and is a staple among fans (though he’s been MIA for a few years now), and Rush Limbaugh got to sell himself to a younger generation in anepisodethat was almost an advertisement for his radio show (he also appeared in one of the show’s famous ‘Star Wars’ parodies). In a culture where the standards for words and behavior is growing increasingly extreme, ‘Family Guy’ is going to have a more and more difficult time existing. A recent episode even won some praise from conservatives forpoking funat the extent political correctness has gone, with patriarch Peter Griffin trying to make a gender inclusive nativity scene. While the segment pushed back against extreme transgender ideology, it finished up with Griffin taking a dig at himself for being“white,”therefore saving the show once again from the pitchforks of liberals. But how long can they pull that hat trick off? These days, even speaking to someone deemed ‘hateful’ for their conservative viewpoints can earn one a wave of pushback (see: Alex Jones on Joe Rogan’spodcast), so how long before ‘Family Guy’ tells the wrong joke and its past comes back to haunt it? 2020 saw episodes of television shows like ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ and ‘The Office’censoredafter being deemed too controversial for today’s climate. Add to thattrigger warningson classic comedies like ‘Blazing Saddles,’ and the cultural wave of blacklivesmatter swallowing shows like ‘COPs’ and ‘Live PD,’ and the targeting of a long-running series like ‘Family Guy’ seems the only logical next step to feed the increasingly hungry woke wolves. Movies were basically canceled in 2020 withmost theatersclosing their doors, and many of the year’s biggest releases dumped onto streaming services or pushed to an uncertain future. However, one trend that caught fire in 2020, and seems to only be getting stronger, is in the area of casting. Halle Berry ducked out on a gig playing a transgender character after ‘misgendering’ during an interview, and Shia Labeouf continues to be accused of ‘brownface’ for a role in ‘The Tax Collector’ where he plays a white gangsterbasedon multiple real people. Don’t let facts get in the way of a good narrative though. The latest casting controversy comes from the series ‘The Stand,’ whichhireda non-deaf actor to play a deaf-mute character. Hollywood insiders and deaf activists have promoted boycotts of the show over the casting decision (the mute thing is irrelevant, apparently), and CBS has responded by actually meeting with activists. This meeting and other bowing-down responses to woke mobs who can’t wrap their heads around the idea of acting is only empowering the woke mob, and they will get more than blood in 2021. While the only way to truly please this crowd would be for acting to simply be retired and people to only play themselves, it’s more likely consultants or advisory panels of social justice warriors with degrees that cost six figures will be let into the casting and pre-production process of film and television projects and force actors playing certain roles to be able to fit a certain number of ‘victim’ boxes that way they can prove that they too, like any good liberal, belong to enough victim classes to be able to do their job without bias. Joe Rogan has remained relatively unfazed by well-documented internal protests at Spotify over a $100 million contract the comedian and podcaster signed earlier this year. The outrage stems from all the usual places: he’s white, he’s straight, he doesn’t blindly buy into every transgender narrative, and he has conservatives like Ben Shapiro and Alex Jones on his program. Rogan has said whatever pressure employees are putting on the company has not affected the content of his podcast, though some fans questioned certain episodes, including ones with Jones, being delayed in their move over to Spotify. Rogan officially moves exclusively to Spotify on January 1, and that will be the true test of his willingness to stay with the streaming giant. Once he’s exclusively platformed though one place, it can give activists within the company more power to protest or push back against an episode containing, say, Alex Jones or any of a number of Trump supporters, who will surely find trouble getting platformed going forward. Rogan had a successful podcast long before Spotify came along and he’s made clear he refuses to change his content for anyone. It’s only a matter of time before he realizes someone labeled ‘right-wing’ like him can only survive in the mainstream by being on the defensive, and anyone who listens to Rogan knows he’s no fan of defending himself. The truth is Rogan can go solo and create a podcasting platform himself to match Spotify’s. Their other attempts at expensive podcasts include one from Michelle Obama and another from Prince Harry Meghan Markle. Think those will be enough to keep their podcasting experiment alive if Rogan decides to jump ship? Considering the amount of zaniness and pot that’s passed around when Rogan invites his most controversial guest and friend Alex Jones on, perhaps a political ‘Cheech & Chong’ style show is in order from the duo in 2021. Name five 2020 performances that are, without a doubt, worthy of a best performance nomination. Go ahead. The truth is the average person likely hasn’t consumed a whole lot of new films in 2020 thanks in part to theaters shuttering, as well as the fact that celebrities have spent the majority of their time praising the performances of liberal politicians, rather than their artistic peers. Think Biden winning an Oscar is far-fetched? Is there anyone you can think of who would be at the ceremony who would object? Plus, another politician won a major entertainment award this year: Andrew Cuomo. His“creative”output was apparently his press conferences which the Emmy Awards found to be“calming”during the pandemic. Forget controversies about nursing homes, sexual harassment, and lockdowns destroying businesses and just drink in the wondrousness of this sentence: Andrew Cuomo, governor of New York,wonan Emmy Award in 2020. Biden being given gold by his Hollywood worshippers doesn’t seem so crazy now, does it? Perhaps they’ll start with a Golden Globe and work their way up in the name of fairness though. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/510877-woke-new-year-joe-rogan-trump/
"1 Jan, 2021","Amid crises and pandemic, Pelosi chooses to focus on new Congress rules that ELIMINATE ‘gendered terms’","House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has revealed that she intends to continue her party’s embrace of symbolic wokeness into the new year, with a rules package that eliminates “gendered terms” like “mother” and “father” from the House. Despite underperforming at the polls in November, Pelosi’s Democratic Party managed to hold onto their slim majority in the House of Representatives, and Pelosi to her leadership of the House. The California Democrat unveiled arules packagefor the 117th Congress on Friday that, among other ethics and accountability measures, bakes virtue-signaling wokeness into official procedure. The proposed rules“honor all gender identities by changing pronouns and familial relationships in the House rules to be gender neutral.”This means that members of Congress will no longer speak about“mothers”and“sons,”but of“parents”and“children.” “step-brother”and“step-sister”will become“step-sibling.” “Himself or herself”will be replaced with“themselves.” Nancy Pelosi is really focusing on the issues that matter to the American people by striking gendered language like ""mother, father, daughter, and son"" from the House rules for the 117th Congresspic.twitter.com/ZE2iAg63Az In an officialpress release, the House Rules Committee said that the changes ensure that“we are inclusive of all Members, Delegates, Resident Commissioners and their families – including those who are nonbinary.” Furthermore, the new rules will require all standing committees to report on how their work addresses“issues of inequities on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, or national origin.”They also call for the establishment of a permanent“Office of Diversity and Inclusion.” That Pelosi’s party would engage in such performative identity politics is no surprise. Earlier this year, the speaker led a gathering of House and Senate Democrats in taking a symbolic knee to honor George Floyd, with the group all clad in traditional African garb. After the photo opportunity, Pelosi repeatedly told the House that“ blacklivesmatter ”during a speech urging members to pass a police reform bill. Likewise, Pelosi hasn’t missed an opportunity to take the exact opposite stance to President Donald Trump since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic. A month after Trump banned incoming flights from China, Pelosiurgedtourists to visit San Francisco’s Chinatown, telling them it was“very safe to be in Chinatown.”Amid changing CDC guidance on mask wearing, Pelosi wore a mask during every public appearance once it emerged that Trump was less keen on donning his. The 117th Congress will vote on the new rules package once it convenes in January. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511341-pelosi-house-gender-neutral/
"1 Jan, 2021",Locked-down Londoners seethe after Mayor Khan politicises taxpayer-funded New Year fireworks with BLM & pro-EU agenda,"London Mayor Sadiq Khan surprised locked-down residents with an unannounced New Year Eve fireworks display, only to spark anger by filling the show with political messaging. “Our New Year Eve show just sent a loud, proud message to the world: London stands together against racism – tonight and always,”Khan said in a Twitter message with a video clip showing an image of a raised fist above the Millennium Dome. The symbol has historically been a universal gesture of working class solidarity, but most recently has been appropriated by the blacklivesmatter movement. Our New Years Eve show just sent a loud, proud message to the world: London stands together against racism - tonight and always.#BlackLivesMatterpic.twitter.com/CQXZ4j9HfF Lest anyone miss the point, a BBC broadcast of the show included narration.“The future holds unexposed danger, but no stress,”a male voice says.“Humankind is no stranger to progress, and as we ve proven, when we collaborate, progress follows fast.”The fist then lights up across the sky, and a female voice says,“This is one voice with one message: blacklivesmatter .”It then separates into multiple fists that spread apart. A song by rapper Stormzy, who said in 2019 that Britain is 100 percent racist, plays in the background. Khan reportedly spent as much as 1.5 million pounds ($2 million) of taxpayer money to fund the show, curating the event along with the BBC and other partners while holding“final sign-off”power for all content. It was produced in secret to avoid attracting crowds amid the Covid-19 pandemic. Khan had said in September that London traditional New Year s fireworks show wouldn t be held because of the pandemic. In addition to the BLM salute, the show featured a giant heart around a National Health Service (NHS) logo, a turtle with an African map on its shell and a climate-change lecture by David Attenborough. Khan said his messaging included honouring the NHS, proclaiming London stand against racism, declaring that EU citizens will always be welcome in the city and asserting that“a greener, fairer future is within our reach.” But if bringing people together was part of the goal, many observers said Khan had the opposite effect.“All lives – black and white – matter,”former UKIP Party Leader Henry Bolton tweeted.“Stop politicising New Year Eve, Mr. Khan. It for everyone.” All lives, black and white, matter. Stop politicising New Year’s Eve Mr. Khan. It’s for everyone. Other Twitter users agreed.“Even making fireworks political now spoiled it for me,”one commenter said. Another proclaimed,“It was a disgrace, the whole thing. Government propaganda to fireworks, lights and music. Wish we hadn t watched it, like many others I know.” Yes. It was a disgrace. The whole thing. Govt propaganda to fireworks, lights and music. Wish we hadnt watched it, like many others I know Baghdad Post Chairman Suffian Samarrai urged Khan to stop promoting blacklivesmatter , which he called a“racist slogan.”“We are all humans, and all lives matter,”he added. ⭕️All Lives is matter .not just black lives .We are all humans and all lives is MATTER 🛑stop this racist slogan. Mr Khan#AllLivesMatterpic.twitter.com/svoTxcLlU3 UK Conservative Party member Andrea Hodgkinson said fireworks shows were supposedly cancelled to avoid large gatherings.“Funny how you can find money to support Marxist political movements,”she tweeted. I thought fireworks were cancelled to avoid large gatherings. Funny how you can find money to support Marxist political movements Others slammed Khan for using the event to virtue signal rather than allowing the whole country to welcome in the new year together.“How dare you or anyone continually fill our lives with messages you want to get across, and using the New Year Eve display is nothing more than vile,”one commenter said. Another agreed, saying,“How dare you politicise New Year celebrations. This is utterly despicable.” You couldn’t even celebrate New Year without turning it into a virtue signalling propaganda event. Is it festivities or politics?Is it a time the whole country welcomes in a New Year or is it a time for political signalling?How dare you or anyone continually fill our lives with messages you want to get across & using the New Years Eve display is nothing more than vile imo How dare you politicise New Year celebrations? This is utterly despicable! ",https://www.rt.com/uk/511336-khan-fireworks-promotes-blm/
"1 Jan, 2021","Portland Police declare riot, claiming protesters hurled ‘firebombs’ during NYE unrest (VIDEOS)","The Portland Police Bureau cleared the streets on New Year’s Eve after the Oregon city was once again targeted by violent demonstrators who vandalized buildings and reportedly attacked officers. An activist group in the cityannouncedthat they intended to demonstrate on Thursday night“in solidarity”with the blacklivesmatter movement, but it appears that things quickly got out of hand. After assembling in downtown Portland around 9pm, the protesters marched through the streets, stopping to break the window of a Starbucks coffee shop. They also vandalized several other buildings, including a police station, local media reported. Workers are clearing broken glass at the Starbucks on SW 2nd.#koin6news#pdx#pnw#Oregon#portlandriots#riotpic.twitter.com/K9lxG9rnc6 The mob then turned its attention to the Mark O. Hatfield Federal Courthouse, previously the target of weeks-long nightly protests which often descended into violence. Videos posted to social media show fireworks being launched near the federal building. More fireworks launched at the buildings :#koin6news#pdx#pnw#Oregon#Portland#NYE2020#riotpic.twitter.com/Lgw1zOgNrv Multiple fires were lit in the downtown area, according to reports. Multiple fires set on and around the The United States Courthouse property in front of Chapman Square. A riot has now been declared.#portland#pdx#protest#riot#portlandprotest#portlandriotpic.twitter.com/lp38OkLL3x Eventually, the PPB declared a riot,claimingthat protesters had“thrown multiple firebombs at officers and launched commercial grade fireworks at the Federal Courthouse and Justice Center.” Footage appears to show fireworks going off as officers in riot gear advance on a group of demonstrators. Some eyewitnesses said that they believed that the police fired pepper balls or some other kind of non-lethal munition into the crowd as they dispersed the rioters. Officers advance. People respond with fireworks.#koin6news#pdx#pnw#Oregon#Portland#NYE2020pic.twitter.com/Ir7QkNrk74 The PPB later issued anupdatesaying that the mob had fragmented into several smaller groups and that there was still“burned debris”in the street. The unrest comes just a day after dozens of protesters vandalized nearly a dozen businesses and public buildings, including Portland City Hall, the Oregon Historical Society, and the PPB headquarters. Last night antifa rioted in downtown Portland again. They smashed up and vandalized numerous properties including a museum, city hall & businesses.#PortlandRiots#antifahttps://t.co/ulLzxta8K7pic.twitter.com/ga7WheMJ92 Earlier this year, Portland became a near-warzone between protesters and federal officers tasked with protecting the federal courthouse. The nightly street skirmishes, sparked by BLM demonstrations held in the wake of the death of George Floyd at the hands of the Minneapolis Police in May, made national headlines and even caught the attention of President Donald Trump, who accused Portland authorities of abandoning their city to“anarchists.” ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511289-portland-new-year-riot-antifa/
"31 Dec, 2020",‘Knighted for services to hypocrisy’: F1 ace Lewis Hamilton gets New Year’s honor but row lingers over tax status,"Seven-time Formula 1 champion Lewis Hamilton has been knighted in UK’s New Year’s honors list but Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been accused of chicanery by adding the star to the ‘Diplomatic and Overseas List’ for the title. Mercedes ace Hamilton drew level with Michael Schumacher when he picked up his seventh world title this year, in the process also surpassing the German legend’s previous record tally of 91 Grand Prix victories to become the most successful driver the sport has ever seen. After Hamilton wrapped up his latest F1 title the clamor grew for the Stevenage-born racer to be knighted to recognize his astounding achievements on the track, as well as his campaigning for the blacklivesmatter movement and more diversity in motorsport. However, critics down the years have consistently pointed to Hamilton’s tax status as the star – who is said to have a net worth of $285 million – spends much of his time in Monaco. To avoid any controversy, UK leader Johnsonis said to have intervened personallyto ensure Hamilton was knighted, placing F1 ace on the ‘Diplomatic and Overseas’ section to swerve doubts over his payments to the tax coffers in his homeland. The news that the 35-year-old speed king would be rewarded for his sensational career and services to motorsport was met with widespread praise online, including from his Mercedes team and the official F1 account. Congratulations, Sir Lewis!Lewis Hamilton has been awarded a knighthood in the latest UK Honours list 👏https://t.co/D8amm4hOeQ Arise, Sir@LewisHamilton⚔️ We couldn t be prouder, LH ❤️ The new CEO of F1, Stefano Domenicali, hailed the star as a“true giant of our sport.” “His influence is huge both in and out of a car,”Domenicaliadded.“What he has achieved is phenomenal with still more to come. All of us at Formula 1 congratulate him on this well-deserved recognition of his achievements and look forward to seeing more of his brilliance in 2021.” Unsurprisingly though, there was some lingering dissent as fans continued to accuse the country of bending the rules amid Hamilton’s tax controversy. Lewis Hamilton to be knighted after Boris Johnson bends the rules to place him on Diplomatic and Overseas List to sidestep fact he a tax exile. This ""honours"" system has just taken yet another giant leap forward into farce and disgrace. Shameful 😡 Lewis Hamilton to be knighted after Boris Johnson bends the rules to place him on Diplomatic and Overseas List to sidestep fact he a tax exile. This ""honours"" system has just taken yet another giant leap forward into farce and disgrace. Shameful 😡 One Twitter user even accused Hamilton of being“knighted for services to hypocrisy.” After lecturing us about climate change while driving a speedboat, lecturing us about inequality from his tax haven in Monaco, and lecturing us about privilege while...driving a speedboat in his tax haven Monaco, Lewis Hamilton knighted for services to hypocrisy In Hamilton’s defense, fans asserted that the star was still among the top 5,000 taxpayers in the UK despite his home in the millionaires’ playground on the Mediterranean coast. And just to be clear, Lewis Hamilton does pay tax. He one of the top 5,000 tax payers in the UK.So please pick another reason to get angry about a British sportsman having his success honoured 💁‍♂️ Hamilton is the fourth F1 driver to be knighted and follows fellow Brits Sir Stirling Moss and Sir Jackie Stewart, and Australia’s Sir Jack Brabham. Earlier in December, Hamilton scooped the prestigious BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/511224-lewis-hamilton-knighthood-tax-row/
"31 Dec, 2020",Top 10 ANTI-WOKE media heroes of 2020,"In RT’s The Wokies series, we’ve honored the professional MSM moaners who spent much of 2020 lecturing their audience on the finer points of woke doctrine. Now we recognize the journalists and pundits who refused to bow down. Race riots, a presidential election, and a global pandemic gave the media plenty to report about in 2020, but also plenty to virtue-signal about and pontificate on. Andpontificate they did. After a year in which woke wackiness went mainstream and social justice replaced actual justice, RT’s The Wokies honors the few who pushed back, or simply held onto their common sense. “In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act,” reads a famous quote sometimes attributed to George Orwell. Suzanne Moore probably didn’t think of herself as a revolutionary when shewrotein March, “Sex is not a feeling. Female is a biological classification that applies to all living species. If you produce large immobile gametes, you are female.” But to trans activists, she may as well have tossed a Molotov cocktail. Moore’s piece appeared in the Guardian – usually a soapbox for the wokest of the woke – and was met with a public letter of attack signed by the Green Party’s co-leader Siân Berry, Members of Parliament Zarah Sultana and Nadia Whittome, UK Black Pride founder Lady Phyll, and Kate Allen, director of Amnesty International UK. Others were less restrained, with some issuing death and rape threats to Moore and her children. Even 338 so-called journalists at the Guardian complained to their editor about Ms. Moore’s nasty words, and Moore parted ways with the liberal paper. Well done, journalists. The notion that journalists should hold the powerful accountable and speak out against tyranny and corruption on both sides of the political aisle is one lost on many reporters, whether they’re parroting spy agencypropagandato get one over on Donald Trump, or ignoring the misdeeds of Democrats to aid his removal from office. Glenn Greenwald, however, has not gone down this route. As journalists of all stripes jumped aboard the ‘Orange Man Bad’ bandwagon, Greenwald stayed principled, calling out the ‘Russiagate’ investigation as bogus, the modern left for cosying up to the censorious tech titans, and even his former news outlet,The Intercept, for laundering news in favor of Joe Biden. Needless to say, Greenwald’s liberal counterparts aren’t happy, and spent much of 2020 accusing him of cosying up to Trump, and by extension Russia – flogging exactly the same dead horse for which Greenwald regularly ridicules them. The legacy media’s continued beclowning of itself offers little to viewers and readers looking for original thought and analysis. Against this, a new ecosystem of bloggers, podcasters, and Twitter s**tposters has sprung up to fill the void. Leftists tired of identity politics and lectures on the inherentracism of gardeningare tuning in to ‘Red Scare,’ an American podcast presented by Anna Khachiyan and Dasha Nekrasova – two commentators unafraid to shred the pieties of their own side. Right-wingers looking for something beyond the network of college-Republican grifters are seeking out Bronze Age Pervert’s thunderingsermonsagainst modernity and liberalism, peppered with 4chan lingo and philosophical musings. Meanwhile, cynics of all persuasions are reading Niccolo Soldo’s Substackblog, in which the Croatian contrarian brutally scrutinizes US foreign policy and rails against the neoliberal consensus. Or you could just re-read the1619 Projectagain, if Pulitzer-winning propaganda is more your thing. We talked to Mark Crispin Miller, the NYU professor suing his colleagues for libel over a classroom masking controversy, about covid heresy, academic freedom, conspiracy theories, Edward Bernays, and the changing face of propaganda in the internet agehttps://t.co/A8UlR2oKPB Anyone can use their social media platform to rant, rave, and condemn the mainstream wokescolds and their agenda, but few have had the impact of Christopher Rufo. A researcher and writer, Rufo began exposing the content of ‘Critical Race Theory’ seminars on Twitter this summer, revealing in detail how federal agencies and megacorporations pay ‘diversity consultants’ to lecture their white employees on their inherent white supremacy, their “unconscious biases,” and their need to renounce their “white privilege” while simultaneously “owning their racism.” Rufo’s research led President Donald Trump to ban these ideological struggle sessions from government departments by executive order, and threaten to pull funding from schools teaching Critical Race Theory. On taking office, Biden has vowed to reverse Trump’s ban. Rufo, meanwhile, has promised to filelawsuits, telling the practitioners of Critical Race Theory to “buckle up.” Earlier this summer, a group of 150 academics, journalists and public figures put their names to aletterpublished in Harper’s Magazine, in which they publicly condemned the creeping “ideological conformity” of the left. The letter triggered a storm of controversy, with the most hysterical woke activists complaining they felt “less safe” around its signatories afterwards, and a group of these social justice-minded figures coming together to declare the Harper’s gang “racist” in theirown missive. However, the letter wasn’t exactly the hammer blow against the woke left its signatories would have you believe. It opened with some perfunctory lines condemning Donald Trump and praising the blacklivesmatter movement, was signed by figures like JK Rowling who’ve attempted to “cancel” their opponents before, andexcludedsome potential names deemed too controversial. A little victory at most, but in this woke world, we get the heroes we deserve. Name one TV host so controversial that a mere appearance on his show is grounds for a good old-fashioned canceling. Yep, it’s Fox News’ Tucker Carlson. Carlson spent 2020 excoriating BLM, the woke “mob” and their supporters in politics, big tech and the journalists cheerleading its censorship efforts, and the “DC elites” who pushed the “defective”Joe Bidenacross the finish line and into the presidency. Carlson has also bucked the corporate-friendly conservatism of his Fox News colleagues, praising Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren’s economic plan, and hosting left-wing guests such as Glenn Greenwald and socialist professor Cornel West. Liberals have called Carlson’s prime-time show “the white power hour,” but the average American clearly disagrees with the hysterics: ‘Tucker Carlson Tonight’ broke all records this July to become the highest-rated program in cable news history. Andrew Doyle is a comedian and self-described “anti-woke” columnist with Spiked – a description that by itself doesn’t raise many eyebrows. However, Doyle’s single greatest contribution to the anti-woke cause has been the creation of Titania McGrath, a parody Twitter account that satirizes the modern left’s worst excesses with such skill that it’s often impossible to tell Titania’s posts from those of the most committed social justice warriors. Indeed, McGrath’s satirical comments are so perfectly on the nose that they’ve tricked conservatives and, in some cases, foreshadowed actual articles in mainstream outlets. When Doyle, via McGrath, called Helen Keller out last year on her “staggering” levels of white privilege, he likely had no idea that Time Magazine would agree a year later,writing this monththat, to some black activists, Keller, despite disabilities, was “just another privileged white person.” Like the Harper’s signatories, Matt Yglesias would not be included here had wokeness not completely jumped the shark in 2020. A progressive, and the co-founder of Vox, Matt parted ways with the liberal news site in November, joining Greenwald and some of the new alternative pundits blogging on Substack instead. Though a liberal, Yglesiaswrotethat he divorced himself from the “college grad bubble” of the modern left media – which pushes non-starter ideas such as defunding the police and making the word “Latinx” a thing – to focus on genuine, non-woke issues. Predictably, Substack itself was soon declared racist by mainstream pundits. Another left-leaning journalist to pack it in and head for Substack this year was Rolling Stone’s Matt Taibbi. Making the move in April, Taibbi criticized the “left leaning” news outlets in the US for leaning “not really ‘left’ but ‘aligned with the Democratic Party.’” Since then, Taibbi has continued to expose wrongdoing on both sides of the political divide, as well as negligence and sycophancy by the press, in particular, the liberal media peddlingintelligence-agency hokumin the name of ‘Russiagate’. Meanwhile, Rolling Stone is publishingarticleson the ethical minefield that is living with Trump supporters. When BLM rioters took to the streets after the killing of George Floyd in May, the mainstream media was determined to present the lawlessness in as positive a light as possible. Some unintentionallyhilariousmoments ensued, such as CNN’sdescriptionof a burningMinneapolisas “fiery, but mostly peaceful,” and MSNBC’s explanation of the unrest as “not, generally speaking, unruly.” The rioting soon spread, and when Antifa groups joined in, the media remained keen to downplay the violence consuming cities such as Portland and Seattle. On the ground, however, streamers like Elijah Schaffer, Maria Viti, Kalen D’Almeida and RT’s own Sophia Narwitz captured raw footage that rendered mainstream reporting irrelevant, biased, and false. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511209-top-anti-woke-media/
"31 Dec, 2020",Black man tests positive for Covid-19 after being wrongfully detained by maskless Virginia police officer in viral video,"A black man has tested positive for Covid-19 soon after a maskless white officer mistakenly detained him at a mall in Virginia, his fiancee has said. Police previously apologized and admitted the officer had broken Covid-19 rules. Jamar Mackey got tested three days after the altercation with a maskless officer, and the positive result arrived on Christmas Eve, the man’s fiancee, Shantel Covil, told local news channel WAVY-TV. “I’m very angry that they put my family at risk. Me and Jamar, that’s one thing. But our kids, that’s what upsets me the most,”Covil said. They arrested him, of course, no gloves, no masks. They took us out of our bubble, out of our safe space… We are around each other all the time. Covil said Mackey has gone into quarantine with mild symptoms, including a“low grade fever, a cough, and a sore throat.” It is not clear how and when he was infected. The man wrongfully detained by@vbpd, Jamar Mackey, has tested positive for#coronavirusper his fiancé. Mackey has mild symptoms. We are waiting to hear from@vbpd.pic.twitter.com/EPoh8RH9CA Mackey was handcuffed and briefly detained while having lunch with Covil, their 13-year-old-son, and a baby in the mall food court in Virginia Beach, Virginia on December 19. The officer was not wearing a mask when he detained Mackey, who had a mask, and escorted him to the parking lot. The video of the incident has since gone viral. The officer did not initially explain to Mackey why he was being apprehended.“I want to talk to you, OK?”he said after approaching Mackey in the mall. The man repeatedly asked the officer to state what was going on, to which he replied,“Listen I’m gonna explain all of this,”and continued to escort Mackey out of the mall. The officer mentioned they were looking for a man who drove a black truck.“Y’all got the wrong person. We don t even have a black truck,”Mackey replied. On the parking lot, they were approached by another officer who suggested that they must have had detained the“wrong”person. Mackey was released shortly afterward. The officer then told Covil that Mackey matched the description of a man who had used stolen credit cards.“I sincerely apologize. It was a complete misunderstanding,”the officer said in the video. “This ain’t the f**king ‘70s! It’s 2020! That’s what we march for! That’s why we say ‘ blacklivesmatter !’”Mackey angrily shouted at the officers.“Look how y’all treating us! Y’all see why we fight!” “You have a right to be upset, sir,”the officer said. Virginia Beach Police Chief Paul Neudigate apologized to Mackey and his family two days after the incident. He promised the issue of the officer not wearing a mask would be“addressed”in an internal review. “We are required to wear masks. We set the standard, we set an example for our community,”the police chief said. The Virginia Beach Police Department could not say if the officer involved in the incident had Covid-19, due to health privacy laws, TV channel WVEC reported. ",https://www.rt.com/news/511193-virginian-man-covid19-police/
Skipped,Skipped,"The Alex Salmond Showrecalls the momentous events of 2020, played out under the shadow of a world pandemic – the presidential election was decided, the blacklivesmatter movement surged, Brexit reached denouement, and the future of Ireland and Scotland was brought to the fore by the European issue. In the highlights of the key interviews, Alex and Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh review the auld year and look forward to the new. ",https://www.rt.com/podcast/511137-review-2020-year-events/
"31 Dec, 2020",2021 – Ring in the New Year,"The Alex Salmond Show recalls the momentous events of 2020, played out under the shadow of a world pandemic – the presidential election was decided, the blacklivesmatter movement surged, Brexit reached denouement, and the future of Ireland and Scotland was brought to the fore by the European issue. In the highlights of the key interviews, Alex and Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh review the auld year and look forward to the new. OfficialYouTube Channelof Alex Salmond, the Former First Minister of Scotland and Host of the #AlexSalmondShow SoundCloud podcast ",https://www.rt.com/shows/alex-salmond-show/511133-review-2020-year-events/
"31 Dec, 2020",Protesters confront Minneapolis police after city sees first cop-involved killing since George Floyd,"A large crowd has gathered in Minneapolis near the scene of a traffic stop that ended in a deadly shootout, marking the first police-involved killing since the death of George Floyd. Police shot and killed a man in an exchange of gunfire, after pulling his vehicle over on Wednesday night, the city’s police force said. The individual was pronounced dead by medical personnel who came to his aid. A female passenger in the car was not injured, and no officers involved in the incident were wounded, a spokesperson for the Minneapolis police department said. Police Chief Medaria Arradondo said during a press conference that officers were making a traffic stop involving a man who was suspected of being involved in a felony case when the individual opened fire on police. The officers then returned fire, killing the man, Arradondo claimed. He promised to release body camera video documenting the alleged shootout on Thursday. The incident rekindled anti-police sentiment in the city, with several hundred people assembling at the scene about an hour after the shooting. Part of the large crowd is surrounding a Minneapolis PD squad off Cedar with chants of ""Fu*k 12"" and ""ACAB"".Highly organized with like what we saw during the summer.. Many came prepared in gas masks and the usual BLM ""marshalls"" are watching the crowd, some in yellow vests.pic.twitter.com/mIP74LfVyl The crowd shouted obscenities at police as they blocked the street. One video purportedly taken at the site shows a group of angry residents chasing away a police cruiser. Police in riot gear were later dispatched to the area. According to reports, officerscomplainedthat protesters were throwing “ice balls” at them. Minneapolis Police are now in riot gear on 36th and Cedar. The crowd will over 200 protesters.pic.twitter.com/Yzba2hN9N3 Police in riot gear with batons in hand. Protestor asking where’s the descalationpic.twitter.com/LryGzyo3U0 A journalist on the groundsaidthat the situation had become“extremely volatile and uneasy.” The shooting occurred less than one mile (1.6 km) from the street corner where George Floyd died at the hands of Minneapolis officers. His death sparked riots in the city that quickly spread across the United States and even abroad, and led to nationwide efforts to“defund”police departments accused of racist, violent behavior. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511178-minneapolis-police-shooting-protest/
"30 Dec, 2020",Nearly 40 percent believe ‘DEEP STATE’ is working to undermine President Donald Trump – poll,"A new poll shows that more than one in three Americans believe a “deep state” is working to undermine the president and remove him from office. The survey also found a majority concerned with the spread of false information. Trump’s legal efforts to overturn the election results may not be gaining much momentum in courts, but there is a significant portion of Americans who doubt the election results. According to a newpollfrom NPR/Ipsos, 39 percent believe there is a“deep state”working to undermine the president. A majority of respondents, however, accept the results of the presidential election (69 percent) and want to see a peaceful transition of power on January 20 (70 percent). The survey also found that 73 percent of respondents are concerned about political violence over the next four years, and 83 percent are worried about the spread of false information, especially when it comes to Covid-19 and vaccines. In a“knowledge test”given to respondents, the poll revealed more of a fractured political culture than anything else. The results for one statement about blacklivesmatter , for instance, was used by the publishers to show a large portion of people (47 percent) buying into what pollsters considered a ‘false narrative’. Told the majority of blacklivesmatter protests were violent over the summer,“just 38 percent correctly indicated that this is a false statement.” The statement is difficult to quantify as the protests are still so fresh and there’s no clarification on what constitutes violence or if it needs to be perpetrated by the actual protesters or others, but numerous blacklivesmatter protests descended into property damage and violence over the summer. Another statement saying,“A group of Satan-worshipping elites who run a child sex ring are trying to control our politics and media”was identified by 47 percent of respondents as false, while 17 percent said it was true, and another 37 percent answered that they were unsure. The Ipsos poll was conducted earlier this month among 1,115 adults. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/511165-deep-state-trump-poll/
"30 Dec, 2020",Scholarship in the age of wokeness: Top 10 ACADEMIC targets of cancel culture in 2020,"This year, attempts to defenestrate people for voicing their opinions reached new heights of absurdity. And academia was no exception. This list comprises the top 10 academic targets of cancel culture, as selected by yours truly. ByNoah Carl, an independent researcher based in the UK. Follow him on Twitter@NoahCarl90 Academics are supposed to be engaged in the disinterested pursuit of truth. And universities are meant to be places where you attack the argument, not the man. But in recent years, many scholars in the English-speaking world have found themselves embroiled in controversies just for expressing an unorthodox opinion or – in one case – pronouncing a Chinese word correctly. The individuals below were all targeted for cancellation in 2020. Some were investigated by their employers, others lost book contracts, speaking engagements and even university positions. On June 2, Professor Gordon Klein (who has taught at UCLA for 39 years) received anemailfrom one of his students calling for“leniency with black students”in light of recent“traumas.”Herepliedby asking, rhetorically, how he could identify the black students (given that classes had been online) and whether he should give mixed-race students a full concession or only half. He also suggested that the student’s request would violate Martin Luther King’s maxim not to judge people by the color of their skin. Later that day, apetitionwas launched demanding Klein’s termination, based on his“woefully racist response”to the student’s email. (It eventually garnered more than 20,000 signatures.) The university put Klein onleavewhile it ‘investigated’ the incident, but he was subsequently reinstated. In a series oftweetsposted on June 8, Professor Harald Uhlig compared blacklivesmatter activists who support Defund the Police to“flat-earthers and creationists.”The next day, apetitionwas launched calling for Uhlig’s resignation as editor of the Journal of Political Economy. ItaccusedUhlig of“trivializing the blacklivesmatter (BLM) movement”and marginalizing“people of color and their allies in the economics profession.”Then on June 11, one of Uhlig’s former students – who is black –claimedthat Uhlig had belittled him in class six years earlier. Uhlig’s employer, the University of Chicago, looked into the matter, butfoundno basis for further investigation. However, the Chicago Fed severed itstieswith Uhlig, noting that his views are not compatible with the bank’s“commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.” Professor Bruce Gilley has been a wantedmanever since he published his article ‘The Case for Colonialism’ in 2017. The latest attempt to cancel him came on September 26 when a petition was launched calling for the termination of his new book series, ‘Problems of Anti-Colonialism’. (The petition’s organiser, incidentally,describesthe Revolutionary Communist Party of Canada as an“organization I support and promote.”) Three days later, Gilley received notice from his publisher that the petition had achieved its aim. The embattled professor then came out fighting: he shared letters from distinguished colleagues criticizing the publisher’s capitulation; andannouncedin the Wall Street Journal that“this sort of publicity is hard to buy.”Although the publisher refused to backpedal, Gilley managed to find a newhomefor his book series. A respected scholar of women’s history and former president of the Socialist Educational Association, Professor Selina Todd is an unlikely victim of cancel culture. But in 2020, if your views aren’t 100 percent in line with prevailing orthodoxy, you’re not exempt from cancellation. Back in February, Todd was disinvited from the 50th anniversary of the National Women Liberation Conference (an event that she herself hadhelpedto organize) under pressure from trans activists. The activists, who threatened to boycott the event unless Todd’s invitation was withdrawn, objected to her involvement with the organization Woman’s Place UK, which has been described as a“trans-exclusionist hate group.”However, Toddrefutedthe allegation that she is“transphobic,”and said that some groups of people“just refuse to engage in civilized debate."" On July 21, Professor Lawrence Mead published anarticlein the journal Society, whicharguedthat higher poverty rates among blacks and Hispanics are due to culture, not discrimination. Three days later, the article came to the attention of Twitter activists, one of whomsaid,“F*** WHOMEVER ALLOWED THIS TO GET PUBLISHED!”Two petitions were then launched. According to one, which eventually garnered 3,510 signatures, Mead’s article expressed“racially violent narratives directed at the Black and Latina/o/X community.”Next, Mead was denounced by his own university, and separately by the directors of ten poverty research centers. On July 31, his article was retracted. Mead, however, refused to back down. In a statement to Campus Reform, he maintained,“There is no evidence”that serious multigenerational poverty is caused by racism. Back in December of 2019, graduate student Nathan Cofnas published apapertitled ‘Research on group differences in intelligence: A defense of free inquiry’ in the journal Philosophical Psychology. On January 20, the paper came underattackfrom academic activists. One individual (who has since earned thenickname‘Mafia Mark’) told Cofnas,“You’re about to learn why people generally avoid f***ing with me,”and called for a boycott of Philosophical Psychology. Whenaskedwhether he was physically threatening Cofnas, the academic in question (who later received a lavish grant to study ‘intellectual humility’) clarified,“Nah, just ruin his reputation permanently and deservedly.”That same individual then launched apetitiondemanding an“apology, retraction, or resignation”from the journal editors, but it was unsuccessful. Professor Stephen Hsu had served as senior vice president for research and innovation at Michigan State University for eight years. In a series oftweetsposted on June 10, the MSU Graduate Employees Union called for his removal, describing him as a“scientific racist and eugenicist.”Twopetitionswere launched, one of which was signed by a large number of Hsu’s colleagues at MSU. (Both petitions emphasised the university’s“commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion”.) Hsurebuttedthe accusations against him on his blog, and sharedlettersfrom various academics offering comprehensive rebuttals of their own. There was also a counter-petition, which was eventually signed by 2,466 people. But these efforts were to no avail. On June 19, MSU’s president asked Hsu to resign. The troublestartedfor Dr. Bo Winegard when he was invited to give a talk on human biological variation at the University of Alabama. During the Q&A, Winegard was accused of ‘racism’ for suggesting that genes might contribute to psychological differences between populations. Two weeks later, the academics who had invited him (and who had approved his talk) issued an embarrassingapology, describing his views as“non-scientific.”Winegard was subsequently called for a meeting with his bosses, and told to be more“strategic”in the future. Next, an anonymous activist began emailing his colleagues with links to supposedly offensive material he had written. This prompted another meeting, which was apparently“less congenial”than the first. A few days after Winegard published anotherpaperon human biological variation, he was informed that his contract would not be renewed. On March 24, Professor Norman Wang published apaperin the Journal of the American Heart Association, whicharguedagainst the use of affirmative action in medical school admissions. On August 2, it came to the attention of Twitter activists, one of whomsaid,“Rise up, colleagues! The fact that this is published in ‘our’ journal should both enrage & activate all of us.”Over the next few days, Wang’s paper was denounced by: the journal’s editor; the American Heart Association itself (twice); the president of the American Heart Association; and the American Association of Medical Colleges. On August 6, the paper was retracted. To add insult to injury, Wang was removed as director of the Electrophysiology Fellowship Program at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. The single most ridiculous cancellation of 2020 involved Professor Greg Patton at the University of Southern California. On August 20, Patton – an expert in communication – was giving an online seminar about the use of pause or filler words (like ‘umm’ and ‘err’). He noted that Chinese speakers use ‘that’ as a filler word, which is pronounced ‘nega’. As Pattonsaid,“so in China it might be ‘nega, nega, nega, nega.’”However, because ‘nega’ sounds similar to a racial slur, a group of students complained. In aletterto the dean, they described Patton’s use of the term as“hurtful,”adding,“We should not be made to fight for our sense of peace and mental well-being.”Patton was then suspended from teaching the course. A leakedreportsubsequently revealed that his colleagues felt“betrayed”and were“scared of students.” ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511093-scholarship-wokeness-academic-cancel-culture/
"30 Dec, 2020",RT’s The Wokies: Top 10 ART WORLD dumpster fires of 2020,"Instead of contributing some semblance of balance and sanity to the weird woke world we have inherited, artists have jumped on the social justice bandwagon with reckless abandon, lending credence to many crazy ideas. Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Here they are, the outrageous masterpieces of woke culture that contaminated the art world in 2020. One public monument that won’t be torn down anytime soon by the woke mob is the sculpture ‘Medusa With the Head of Perseus,’ which depicts the snake-haired Gorgon clutching the severed head of the Greek god. Created by artist Luciano Garbati on behalf of the #MeToo movement, the Medusa faces the Manhattan Supreme Court, where Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein was sent to prison for sexually assaulting a bevy of actresses and other female staff. What began as a laudable idea – calling out sexual predators lurking inside of the film industry – the #MeToo movement snowballed into a media-hyped inquisition where dozens of famous men had their lives and careers ruined over nothing more than the rumor of sexual impropriety. Although some of the accused certainly deserved public condemnation, and worse,othersarguably did not.  One consequence of the so-called ‘Weinstein Effect’ is that men are becoming more guarded inside of their male-dominated industries, and“more reluctant”about hiring a female, Forbesreported. At the same time, it has raised the glass ceiling for women by several feet. Regrettably, Garbati’s poorly conceived Medusa would better serve as a tombstone for the ill-fated #MeToo movement as opposed to the clarion call it was intended to be. To continue with the delightful decapitation theme, a painting was unveiled this year on Instagram that gave new meaning to the term ‘controversial.’ More shocking than the picture itself, which featured two obese black women holding the severed heads of a white man and woman, was the fact that the popular social media platformfailedto censor it. In fact, it defended the savage imagery by saying“[B]ecause Instagram is a global community, we understand that people may express themselves differently.”Well, that’s certainly a change of tune. By way of thought experiment, imagine what Instagram’s reaction would have been had two obese white women been featured holding … well, you get the idea. Starting in 2017, when the so-called comedian Kathy Griffin posed with a mock-severed head of Donald Trump (which she tweetedagainin November of this year without consequence), and despite Big Tech’s hand wringing over any and all forms of ‘hate speech,’ aggressive forms of ‘artistic expression’ targeting white people seem to be increasingly acceptable. That is a disturbing trend in the art world that should give pale-faced members of the Caucasian tribe some pause. During this summer’s showdown between riot police and blacklivesmatter protesters in Portland, Oregon, the action came to an abrupt halt when ‘Jen,’ an unabashed sex worker, strutted her stuff towards the police line armed with nothing but a knit cap, face mask and her feminine charms. A comical confusion erupted amid the storm troopers, who beat a hasty retreat before the advancing genitalia, and, lo and behold, a star was born. The media was“practically drooling over the literal blank slate they’d been presented with,”observed RT commentator Helen Buyniski on these pages. Strangely, however, theheroineseems to have fallen out of favor with the media overlords. Could her apparent lack of melanin have anything to do with it? At a time when the media-generated script really called for an Aretha, what it got instead was an Athena. That unforgivable oversight screamed between the lines in an opinion piece by Mitchel S. Jackson in the New York Times (‘Who gets to be a ‘Naked Athena’?), where hequestionedthe“weird”motives of the naked (white) protester, as well as that of his predominantly white city.“Portland itself is 77.1 percent white and 5.8 percent Black. That’s why the blacklivesmatter protests there look like they do — white. They have to; that’s who lives there.”By the way, that was no compliment. Jackson wraps up his piece by lamenting that in Portland“whiteness hovers over us Black folk.”In other words, don’t expect the now-famous photo of ‘Naked Athena’ staring down Portland’s finest on behalf of BLM to be nominated for a Pulitzer anytime soon. It just does not jive with the times. Just because Britain freed itself from the European Union doesn’t necessarily mean we’ll be seeing the return to good old fashioned British culture and tradition anytime soon, especially on the art scene. That much seems certain by a new tax-funded exhibition, ‘Thirteen Ways of Looking,’ that opened to the public this year. Judging by some of the titles on display, including ‘NeuroSpeculative AfroFeminism,’ it is easier to understand a review by fellow RT columnist, Alexander Adams, who speculated that some may get the impression the event was a“work by some comedian gently taking the mickey out of today’s increasingly woke art world.” Alas, however, at a time when humor is the best antidote to these woke times comedy is now viewed as thought crime. Thus, hardcore reality will have to serve as comic relief, which should work just fine considering the sort of art on display. For example, what comedian could outperform a discussion on“Black women as neuroscientists using the domain of the beauty salon as a rebel underground network for a radically new shared system of communication”? Whatever the case may be, British art enthusiasts may soon be required to travel to the Middle East or Central Asia to attend an art exhibition on quintessential British themes, as opposed to those artificially derived from distant shores. Once again, another toxic ‘artivist’ event has landed in jolly old England, this time with the opening of the“queer techno rave and porn”event being held at the once-esteemed Institute of Contemporary Art (ICA) in London, a stone’s throw from Buckingham Palace. To quote the press release,""Queer techno rave INFERNO take over the ICA Theatre, Bar and Cinema with an all-night programme of music, queer porn and performance art…the first in a series of all-night takeovers from club collectives exploring nightlife as a realm of self-expression.""Can anyone remember the last time a public exercise in“self-expression”did not require latex apparel, chainmail undies, dog whistles and other assorted paraphernalia? But I digress. In deference again to my British colleague, who previously contributed his thoughts on the situation inside of the ICA and other artistic venues in his homeland:“Arts administrators in the UK live in a social milieu where the highest virtue is tolerance, which means boundaries are being ever expanded,”Adams explained.“Rejection of any activity is considered bigotry…[A]s long as the material or activity is anti-West, anti-white, anti-tradition, pro-gay, pro-minority, pro-mass-migration or ""gender non-conforming"" then it will find a welcoming home at the ICA – no matter the quality of art, or whether it can even be called art, or whether it even pretends to be art.”This begs the question, albeit from a non-British observer: is this really the sort of art ‘exhibition’ the British taxpayer wants, needs or deserves? At the very least, would it be asking too much to leave the alcohol-infused proclivities of the night club beyond the purview of the art gallery? Although a visitor to the Holocaust Memorial Resource and Education Center of Florida may expect to confront a number of disturbing historical events, they probably would not expect to find amemorialto George Floyd, the African American who was killed by a white cop during an attempted arrest. Yet to express any reservations over Floyd’s inclusion would, to quote RT commentator Micah Curtis, expose that person to a“Kafka trap,”with the ultimate goal of having the individual“incriminate themselves.”Nevertheless, some observations are necessary. First, it is critical to question the media-generated narrative that ‘America is a fundamentally prejudiced country, ravaged by systemic racism.’ It’s a flawed premise, and applying it to the George Floyd case is questionable at best. As far as the tragic death of Floyd goes, it seems more reasonable to suggest that it was brought about not by some sort of neo-Nazi mentality, but rather a severe problem with regards to police tactics. The problem has very little to do with racism per se, although that is not to say there are no racists in US police forces. At the risk of appearing to focus undue attention on the British art scene, it would be hard to ignore what the writer Mark Hudson has dubbed“one of the great cultural events of the pandemic era,”that is, the tossing of a statue toEdward Colston, a Bristol philanthropist and slave trader, into the River Avon. Aside from Colston’s profiting in human flesh as a reason for his statue being destroyed, Hudson relished in the sight of a ‘live performance’ amid the anti-viral lockdown. “It rapidly became evident that virtual gallery tours are a bore and that when you’ve seen one performance of Beethoven’s Fifth played on kazoos from 30 different sitting rooms in the Home Counties simultaneously via Zoom, you’ve seen them all,”he wrote in the Independent. While I can sympathize with Hudson’s exasperation with being cooped up in a flat or house for many days, to suggest that public displays of vandalism now ranks as one of the“great cultural events of the year”suggests something more than sheer boredom is eating away at this man’s brain. At this stage in the woke movement’s relative infancy (and certainly immaturity) the last thing the young vandals need is encouragement. Yes, Colston probably does not deserve to be immortalized in bronze or stone in the public square, but let’s at least be civil and bring the matter of his ejection to a vote. To applaud the mob as it destroys public property simply because the act is ‘live’ only invites far greater acts of destruction down the road, and especially if British Prime Minister Boris Johnson continues with his very unpopular lockdown regime. News that New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio had sent members of his police force to stand guard over a massive blacklivesmatter mural painted on a New York City street captures the absurdity of the woke movement like no other. The mayor’s order comes at a time when BLM is demanding the defunding of the very police they now want to guard their tax-funded work of graffiti (which de Blasio and his wife helped paint, incidentally). The situation is reminiscent of the situation inside of the protesters’ ill-fated Seattle Autonomous Zone, which saw some of the rabble calling the police when their personal safety was threatened. Would Bill de Blasio, plagued as he is by rising crime rates in the Big Apple, consider sacrificing a single police officer to guard a statue to Thomas Jefferson or Abraham Lincoln? Sadly, the answer to that question is all too obvious. Although it would be hard to say which social justice art movement was the most asinine in 2020, Slate magazine’s argument that using famous composers’ last names contributes to an atmosphere of“systematic prejudice, exclusion, sexism, and racism”would certainly be in the running. Writing in the liberal publication, Chris White, an assistant professor of music theory at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, apparently stayed awake at night wondering how some composers, like Brahms, Beethoven and Mozart, are recognized by just their last names, while others are not. And yes, the article came with the predictable sermon preaching on the subject of white privilege. Professor White, who must be terribly ashamed of his family name, suggested the public use all those dead composers full names so we can“focus more on their music rather than on the past cultural practices that elevated straight white men at the expense of everyone else."" Sorry Oprah, Madonna, Ellen and Beyonce, looks like the mob will be knocking on your door soon, too. Or then again, maybe not. In keeping with the spirit of the holidays, number one on this woke list must go to the famous Russian ballet, The Nutcracker, which first featured at the Imperial Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia, in 1892. Having survived a bumpy ride through history’s ups and downs, the ballet performance found its way to the United States where it has become, as in Russia, an annual Christmas favorite. That is, until the social justice warriors got their claws on it. Asreportedin the Christian Science Monitor, many in the dance community have been wondering“if it is possible to transform ‘The Nutcracker’ to remove its racial stereotypes and aristocratic origins while holding onto its traditional charms.” Exactly what did finicky concertgoers find unacceptable with the perennial classic? Well, for starters,“In Act 2, dancers portraying sweets from different cultures (chocolate from Spain, coffee from Arabia, tea from China) appear onstage. The traditional choreography and costumes – particularly in the Chinese section – reinforced stereotypes that are demeaning and offensive.” Has it suddenly become obscene to associate a race of people with their native costume and food? Apparently so, at least for the very small group of people who look upon such national details not with a sense of pride or honor, but with disfavor. I didn’t think it could get worse, but it does. In another spin off of the original, Sam Pott, the founder and director of Nimbus Dance in Jersey City, actually used a term I never thought I’d hear in the same sentence as ‘The Nutcracker.’ For those already familiar with what triggers the radical progressives, you’ve probably already guessed it. Yes, ‘white supremacy.’ “It was important for European immigrants to have shows like the ‘Nutcracker’ that connected them back to their European traditions,”Potts was quoted as saying by CSM.“But sometimes that was wedded to white supremacy.” Now, in the ‘new and improved’ updated version, a multicultural landscape is presented that shows“the safer and kinder Jersey City of their dreams,”he says. And on that note, I will conclude this list. Thanks to those readers who made it this far. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Here’s hoping for a less angst-driven 2021, when people are less prone to look for problems where there are none. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/511039-top-wokies-art-world/
"29 Dec, 2020","In a year ripe for satire, Netflix’s predictable mockumentary Death to 2020 is proof of comedy’s calamitous demise","2020 has been a brutal year, but one that offers huge potential for humor. However, Death to 2020’s tepid, establishment-friendly take on the past 12 months feels like the final nail in the coffin of true comedy. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Death to 2020is the new Netflix mockumentary that sets out to humorously sum up the nightmare that was 2020. The film, which premiered on the streaming service on December 27, recounts the actual terrible events of the past year and has fake ‘experts’, played by actors such as Samuel L. Jackson and Lisa Kudrow, as talking heads to comedically comment upon them. The makers ofDeath to 2020, Charlie Brooker and Annabel Jones, are best known in the US for their terrifically terrifying and unnervingly prescient sci-fi horror showBlack Mirror. But UK viewers first got to know them from their more comedy-oriented projects like theWipeseries. Death to 2020is much more like theWipeseries thanBlack Mirror, as it attempts to be a comedy. Unfortunately, it fails in that endeavor. What makesDeath to 2020so irritating is that it has nothing unique to say, and it doesn’t even say the same tired old stuff uniquely. Granted, some of the jokes are mildly amusing, and some of the performances are good. Tracey Ullman as Queen Elizabeth II, Hugh Grant as a stuffy and ornery British historian and Diane Morgan as one of the top five most average people in the world are well done. Others, such as Leslie Jones as a behavioral psychologist and Lisa Kudrow as a conservative spokeswoman, are decidedly not. Ultimately, the film has the comedic heft, impact and staying power of a snide and snarky tweet. At best, it resembles a high-end, star-studded 2020 version of one of those silly Best of the 80s clip shows on VH1. The biggest problem withDeath to 2020, though, is the problem with most comedy nowadays, in that it is such a suffocating, stultifyingly safe and painfully predictable exercise as to be frustrating and fruitless. If you have seen a single monologue in the past year by any of the sanctimonious, self-righteous serfs to the establishment on late night TV, such as Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Fallon, Bill Maher, Trevor Noah or John Oliver, then you’ve experienced the same impotent comedy ofDeath to 2020. The tired formula of the late-night comedy eunuchs, where they flaccidly recite establishment-approved witticisms devoid of insight and edge, is dutifully replicated here, just in mockumentary form. The result is, not surprisingly, that there’s not an ounce of originality or profundity found in the hour and ten-minute film, which is too long by roughly an hour. Also, clearly lacking fromDeath to 2020is any semblance of comedic testicular fortitude as the usual safe targets are held up for ridicule. Of course, Donald Trump is pilloried because he is a walking punchline, as is clueless Joe Biden, who, amusingly, is referred to both as a “prehistoric concierge” and a “civil war hero.” But obviously none of that is even remotely daring. ‘Karens’, conservatives and anti-lockdown activists are also the butt of many jokes, but the equally golden opportunity to lambaste the illiberal left for laughs is never taken. For instance, the comedy-rich environment of the blacklivesmatter movement is not mocked, and the ‘protestors’ looting and burning businesses in the name of George Floyd don’t get taken to task either. But most telling is that also absent from the comedy firing line are celebrities, like the highly hysterical dopes and dullards who vomited out the repugnantly self-serving ‘Imagine’ and ‘I Take Responsibility’ videos. By ignoring these subjects,Death to 2020reveals itself to be little more than just another pandering video compliantly committed to kissing the right asses and devoutly dedicated to never biting the hand that feeds it. As George Carlin famously oncesaidof the powerful in America, “it’s a big club and you ain’t in it!” But the establishment court jesters who made Death to 2020 either are desperate to become members or are already in the club, as their resolute refusal to challenge the status quo is a perfect representation of the sad state of comedy in 2020. Yes, there are some notable exceptions, Dave Chappelle andBill Burrbeing the most prominent. But beyond that, whether it be Stephen Colbertweepingon air like one of the buffoons he used to belittle, orJimmy Falloncastrating himself with a cowardly apology for an allegedly offensive blackface bit from 20 years ago, or John Oliver’s pathetic pandering to wokeness, or Saturday Night Live’s fierce commitment to anti-comedy or any of the other mainstream comedians who have groveled and genuflected to those who hold the power in our culture, 2020 has been the absolute nadir for contemporary comedy. The bottom line is that 2020 has been a most brutal year that may have changed our world forever, but it is also rife with profound opportunities for humor. Unfortunately for us, 2020 may also have killed comedy, and Death to 2020 is its decidedly unoriginal and unfunny death knell. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510993-satire-netflix-death-2020/
"29 Dec, 2020",RT’s The Wokies: 2020’s top 10 woke MEDIA moments,"Navigating the politically correct modern world is often a difficult task. Thankfully, we have a hyper-woke media to tell us what’s right and what’s wrong (but mostly what’s wrong). Here’s their greatest hits of 2020. Remember when talk-show hosts made us laugh and journalists reported the news? Those days are long gone, and the mainstream media has since embraced a new, nobler role: to scold, scorn and lecture its viewers and readers until they see the error of their outdated, unwoke ways. Here we honor 10 trailblazing wokescolds who found new and creative ways to talk down to us this year. If it sounds like a riot, looks like a riot, and burns like a riot, is it a riot? Not to CNN, who told its viewers not to trust their lying eyes when rioters set fire to downtown Kenosha, Wisconsin in August. The city was set alight following the police shooting of African American Jacob Blake, and even as CNN’s cameras broadcast live images of the conflagration, the network accompanied the images with a banner describing the protests as“fiery but mostly peaceful.” CNN wasn’t the only network to dabble in PR for rioting mobs. Back in May, MSNBC host Ali Velshidescribedunrest in Minneapolis as“not, generally speaking, unruly,”as protesters behind him gathered in front of a burning building. Despite the insistence of the media, arson and rioting is still considered“unruly”throughout much of the world. If you’ve got an affinity for the outdoors and appreciate the charms of“native”wildflowers, then BBC presenter James Wong has some shocking news for you: you’re racist. Wong – a botanist and presenter on Countryfile – unleashed a fiery tirade against the apparent racism of British gardening culture earlier this month. Terms like“heritage”and“native,”when used to describe plant life, show that gardening has“racism baked into its DNA,”he noted. Wong explained that he was once told by critics that a planting concept he developed“didn’t fit the area,”so therefore, the critics must have been racists. Just don’t tell him about Britain’sproblemswith“invasive non-native species”or its efforts to eradicate Japanese knotweed. He may never recover. As riots consumed the US’ major cities in June, Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton (R) penned an op-ed in the New York Times calling on President Trump to do what many on the right were urging him to:“send in the troops.”Liberals raged, and the Times’ editors scrambled to defend their decision to publish it. A day later, however, they flipped, calling its publication a mistake, describing the article as not meeting“our standards,”and pledging to reduce the number of op-eds in the paper permanently. Furthermore, the Times’ journalists complained that the article“put them in danger,”while the actual riots happening in the city at the time, presumably, did not. With the crisis defused, the Times’ editors could go back toadvocatingfor military force in far-away countries and publishing op-eds by less dangerous people, like theTaliban. Amid uncertain and stressful times, laughter is often the best medicine. But if you don’t lean left, or if you voted for Brexit, then you’re the butt of the joke to the BBC. Recentresearchfound that 75 percent of the taxpayer-funded broadcaster’s comedy slots are filled by“anti-Brexit, left-leaning comedians.” These conformist comedians won’t just mock your politics. Sometimes, they’ll even mock you. Take Sue Perkins, a regular on the BBC’s panel shows. Perkins thinks that anyone who voted for Brexitare“headbangers, zealots and quislings.” Way to alienate 52 percent of your audience, Sue! At least the cringe-inducing wokeness of Perkins and her ilk on this list give the rest of us something to laugh at. After a year ofclappingfor frontline healthcare workers and watching hundreds of insufferable ‘dancing nurse’ TikTok videos, talk-show host Ellen DeGeneres dressed up as a Superman-inspired nurse for Halloween to remind us yet again that nurses are amazing, wonderful, selfless, and better than everyoneelse. However, Ellen’s own bedside manner apparently leaves a lot to be desired. Earlier this year she wasslammedfor alleged behind-the-scenes bullying of her staff, and her penchant for insulting“fat”and“stupid”children. Florence Nightingale she ain’t. What is it with ‘Countryfile’ presenters and racism? On top of James Wong’s issues with gardening, presenter Ellie Harrison declared in October that, far from a rural idyll, Britain’s countryside is teeming with bigotry and prejudice. White people, she argued, have dominated Britain’s pastoral lands for too long by their sheer presence, and have driven minorities away with their… gastropubs and hiking trails, or something like that. Whatever the reason, Harrison predicted a“time of reckoning”will soon come for those who dwell there. “Even a single racist event means there is work to do,”Harrison pontificated, seemingly unaware that“single racist events”happen in cities too. Despite the revolutionary zeal of her warning, there’s unlikely to be cross burnings in the Cotswolds or lynchings on the Wicken Fen any time soon. It’s difficult to be despised by all sides of the political spectrum, but ITV’s Piers Morgan manages with aplomb. Morgan is an opponent of Meghan Markle’s“fascist wokery,”but a defender of English footballers taking a knee for ‘ blacklivesmatter .’ He’s been the subject of thousands ofcomplaintsfor alleged racism, yet called Donald Trump“vile”and“repellent”for the tone of his rallies. At the outset of the coronavirus pandemic, Morgan staked out a position as a staunch supporter of lockdowns, and of stiff penalties for those breaking the rules. Branding those flaunting the restrictions“covidiots,”Morgan was an early advocate of closing pubs and canceling Christmas in an effort to get the virus under control. Therefore he probably shouldn’t have gotten into a taxi without his mask on this month, nor should he have encouraged his son to take part in a crowded BLM march this summer. Maybe we’re being covidiots here, but it seems just a little hypocritical, no? Proponents of ‘critical race theory’insistthat there’s a tiny Klansman inside every white person, and demand that whitey pay penance for this original sin. The Los Angeles Times heeded their call this September and laid bare its own shocking, racistpast. Some of the paper’s old views were undeniably controversial – such as its support for the internment of Japanese citizens during World War II. In digging up more recent examples, however, the Times’ editorial board had to get a bit more creative. Its coverage of the 1965 Watts riots won a Pulitzer Prize, but was apparently racist because it was written by a mostly white newsroom. Likewise, the failure of a subsidiary paper aimed at the city’s minority neighborhoods is presented here as an example of the paper’s“deeply rooted… white supremacy,”rather than a business loss. It even, imagine the horror, endorsed a Republican for governor in 1994. Presumably, staff parties will henceforth be replaced with self-flagellation sessions, conducted under the watchful eyes of Robin DiAngelo andIbram X. Kendi. Spanish is a gendered language, and for the scions of wokeness in academia, that’s“problematic.”The solution they cooked up was to replace“Latino”or“Latina”with“Latinx,”in a bid to include gender-nonconforming Latin Americans. Always on the lookout for new ways to signal their progressiveness, liberal journalists jumped at the opportunity to make“Latinx”part of their vocabulary. Vox, the Huffington Post, Vice, and the Daily Beast all switched over to the term in recent months, though seemingly, nobody knows how to pronounce it.“Latin-ex”or“Latinks”?“Latin-*clicking sound*?”Who knows. Also confounding their efforts to make the term mainstream is the fact that Latin Americans, by and large, don’t care for or about it. According to a Pew Research poll in August, only three percent of Latinos and Latinas use the word. 65 percent of respondents told Pew that the term shouldn’t even be used to describe them. The liberal press clearly has work to do to correct their latent white supremacy. For four years, the mainstream media has portrayed Donald Trump as racism incarnate, the white devil himself whose removal from the White House would usher in eternal peace and harmony. Now that that’s apparently about to happen, some pundits still aren’t satisfied. After a mysterious pause in counting and bundles of fresh ballots tipped the needle in Biden’s favor in the days following November 3, the liberal media celebrated the former vice president’s impending victory. However, MSNBC host Joy Reid wanted Americans to be ashamed of themselves for only delivering him a squeaker victory, instead of the landslide he deserved. Biden’s narrow win, she whined, confirmed to her that America has“a great amount of racism, anti-blackness, [and] anti-wokeness.”The fact that the election was so close, she continued,“hurts, it just hurts.” To people like Reid, voters evidently should have cast two ballots for Biden. One to elect him, and one to say sorry for being racist. Ironically, videofootagepurportedly showing multiple ballots for Biden bearing the same signatures being counted has been held up by the Trump campaign as evidence that the election was“rigged”in Biden’s favor. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510936-top-woke-media-moments/
"29 Dec, 2020",2020 has been a year of classic Boris Johnson buffoonery. Here’s what his bluster really meant,"What with Covid, Brexit, almost dying and becoming a dad again, it’s been a big year for the British PM. Here are the past 12 months in his own verbose words… the very best (or worst) of BoJo in 2020. ByCharlie Stone, author and journalist who has worked for the BBC, several national newspapers in the UK and international media. Boris Johnson is mildly obsessed with Winston Churchill. And they do actually have a fair few things in common. They both went to the poshest of posh English public schools (Churchill to Harrow, Johnson to Eton), they were both journalists famed for their witty turn of phrase, and both have been tenants at 10 Downing Street. Oh, and they were both citizens of the USA. Churchill’s mother was born in Brooklyn and he became America’sfirst honorary citizenin 1963, while BoJo wasbornin New York City and held an American passport until Uncle Sam’s taxman came calling. But that, pretty much, is where the similarities end, although BoJo would dearly love to be seen as an heir to Britain’s great wartime leader and a similar man of destiny. He even wrote a book about his hero,The Churchill Factor: How One Man Made History, which one reviewer described as“an autobiography of Boris Johnson by Boris Johnson for the promotion of Boris Johnson.” The problem with BoJo is that he’s a peacetime political pygmy, not a wartime giant, and, unlike Churchill, far more prone to pantomime than a Shakespearean soliloquy. So, seeing as us Brits have been denied our traditional Christmas panto this year due to Covid-19, we give you the best – or worst – of Boris’s bluster in 2020 (plus a translation from BoJo babble to English…) 1: ‘Brexit day,’ the day the UK officially ‘left’ the European Union(except not really, as there were still a transitional 11 months to go):January 31. This is a moment when the dawn breaks and the curtain goes up on a new act in our great national drama. Translation: Here goes another year of lack of clarity and turmoil, and we still don’t really know what going to happen, but I just can’t resist spinning a cute little phrase. Is that curtain going up on a classic or a farce? Let’s see how the year unfolds. 2: A press conference about coronavirus:March 3. “I was at a hospital the other night where I think there were actually a few coronavirus patients, and I shook hands with everybody, you’ll be pleased to know, and I continue to shake hands.” Translation: I am not taking this seriously and couldn’t be bothered to read my briefing on the virus which, like all viruses, one is advised to avoid catching by not coming too close to other people. Pretty soon I’ll be in intensive care with Covid-19 myself. 3: A press conference advising fellow Brits to stay home if they show coronavirus symptoms:March 12. “The reasons we advise you to do that is really that this will help us delay and flatten the peaks – squash that sombrero – that you saw on the map because that is the way to minimise the suffering and minimise the impact.” Translation: I am looking at a graph that shows a curve in which people will get ill and some will die, yet I simply cannot just use the standard ‘flatten the curve’ term because, well, it looks a bit like a hat to me. I just can’t resist a pithy phrase when it pops into my mind. I’ve been like this since Eton, old chap. 4: On a conference call about making ventilators with British manufacturers:March 17. With the NHS urgently needing 20,000 more ventilators to stop Covid victims drowning in their own phlegm, BoJo jokingly rallied more than 60 companies to join what he called “Operation Last Gasp”to get the job done. When asked later if that was an appropriate phrase, he replied:“I think what I want and what all businesses want, to explain what I was saying, is an end to suffering. And that is why they are [going to be] working incredibly hard in the next few weeks.” Translation: Even when people are going to die, I cannot resist acting like the class clown at my very posh public school. Bugger, I rather shot myself in the foot there. Again. 5: After leaving hospital following a spell in intensive care with Covid-19:April 12. “It’s hard to find the words to express my debt... I want to pay my own thanks to the utterly brilliant doctors, leaders in their fields, men and women – but several of them, for some reason, called Nick – who took some crucial decisions a few days ago for which I will be grateful for the rest of my life.” Translation: A cute little witty phrase doesn’t really seem so cute or witty when you nearly died from Covid-19. But still, I couldn’t resist the ‘Nick’ thing. 6: On becoming a dad again at the age of 55 and helping care for his newborn son, Wilfred, with his partner Carrie Symonds, 32.Wilfred was born onApril 29. According to Boris, his son was“in great shape... I’ve changed a lot of nappies, I want you to know.” Translation: I have been down this road plenty of times before – Wilfred is at least my sixth child, even though he’s Carrie’s first. 7: Defending chief aide and election victory architect Dominic Cummings after he was caught breaking the lockdown rules he helped devise:May 24. In every respect, he has acted responsibly, legally and with integrity. Translation: I am only PM because of Dom (and the fact Jeremy Corbyn was unelectable), plus I’m super-loyal to my favourite chums. But then, in November, silly Dompicked a fightwith Carrie and our dog Dilyn, and he was never going to win that one. Toodlepip, Dom. 8: Responding to reports of attacks on a Winston Churchill statue in Whitehall during a blacklivesmatter protest:June 15. “I will resist with every breath in my body any attempt to remove that statue from Parliament Square... I am also extremely dubious about the growing campaign to edit or Photoshop the entire cultural landscape. If we start purging the record and removing the images of all but those whose attitudes conform to our own, we are engaged in a great lie, a distortion of our history, like some public figure furtively trying to make themselves look better by editing their own Wikipedia entry.” Translation: Leave my hero alone, you rotters. 9: In a statement to MPs that Covid restrictions could last, well, ages:September 22. “I think everybody in this House wants to see the people of this country and to help the people in this country to obey the law of the land and to get the virus done and that is the objective of this government.” Translation: It is nearly a year since I won the election with the slogan “Get Brexit done”. Now it’s “Get the virus done”. Get it? 10: On news that a vaccine is on the way, but with a warning that Christmas is going to be tough:November 23. “We can hear the drumming hooves of the cavalry coming over the brow of the hill, but they’re not here yet... It is the season to be jolly, but it’s also the season to be jolly careful, especially with elderly relatives.” Translation: Unlike Churchill, who was a journalist in the Boer War when wars really were still fought on horseback, I have never actually heard this sound other than on films. But one would have to be jolly careful, wouldn’t one? 11: On deadlocked trade deal negotiations with the EU, speaking during a visit to Blyth, Northumberland:December 11. “We’re hopeful progress can be made, but I’ve got to tell you that, from where I stand now, here in Blyth, it is looking very, very likely that we will have to go for a solution that I think would be wonderful for the UK, and we’d be able to do exactly what we want from January. It obviously would be different from what we’d set out to achieve, but I have no doubt this country can get ready and, as I say, come out on World Trade terms.” Translation: Bluster. Piffle and paffle. Plenty people fear it, but not many actually believe that the UK will crash out of the EU without a deal. Pretty much everyone who has followed EU negotiations over the years knows it will come down to the wire and a deal will be done in the end. It’s brinkmanship and all jolly well part of the fun and games. 12: Announcing that a Brexit deal has finally been done:December 24. “We have taken back control of our laws and our destiny. We have taken back control of every jot and tittle of our regulation. And in a way that is complete and unfettered... Happy Christmas to you all. That’s the good news from Brussels – now for the sprouts. Translation: I’m not exactly sure what “jot and tittle” means, but it sounds good. There was always going to be a deal. Did you get the joke about Brussels sprouts, a cornerstone of every Christmas dinner alongside the turkey and gravy? Merry Crimbo, chaps and chapesses! ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510951-boris-johnson-2020-quotes/
"28 Dec, 2020",19-yo girl booted from college for saying ‘n*****s’ when she was 15. We need to stand up to cancel culture or we’re done for,"Mimi Groves, a student in Virginia, got kicked out of college because of an old Snapchat video of her saying a racial slur. The ex-classmate who ‘exposed’ her prides himself on this memorable accomplishment. is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC If you were to ask me before Christmas if I knew who Mimi Groves was, I would probably have asked you if she was a character in a movie. The young Miss Groves has made national headlines here in the United States because someone used a recorded video of her saying a racial slur as a 15-year-old kid to get her kicked out of college. A situation made possible by rampant cancel culture, it’s emblematic of a larger sickness in our society. The three-second tape of Mimi Groves saying“I can drive, n*****s,”filmed in 2016, was sent over Snapchat to a friend privately, and then it was saved by a young man named Jimmy Galligan. It was secondhand information that he otherwise would have never seen or known about. When asked about the situation, Galligan was unabashedly proud of ruining her life over a mistake that happened years ago,saying: “I’m going to remind myself, you started something. You taught someone a lesson.” Jimmy is teaching a lesson all right, but not the one that he thinking. The lesson he is teaching is that it is completely okay in modern-day society to co-opt a good cause – the fight against racism, in this case – to signal your own fake virtue, get famous at someone else’s expense or enact petty revenge – or all of the above. Never once does Jimmy or anyone who agrees with him wholeheartedly consider the fact that this is emblematic of a larger problem: as a society, we are becoming okay with revenge. Ask yourself – how many people will be turned from racist thoughts by an 18-year-old flaunting the possible destruction of a former classmate’s life prospects over a stupid childhood boast? ‘Zero’ would be my answer. Many more will learn to fear and loathe the cancel culture he represents. If there is any higher justice, the backlash against it will secure the young woman Galligan tried to ruin a place in higher education. Ten years from now, both individuals are going to look like dumb brats. Mimi will look stupid for casually throwing around racist terminology, and Jimmy will look stupid for being so petty as to try to destroy someone over it. Meanwhile, the rest of our society is left holding the bag. The heart of cancel culture is centered around revenge, envy, and righteous indignation. Is a common tool of someone who enjoys virtue signaling as opposed to actually acting virtuous. There nothing virtuous in what Jimmy did because revenge is not a virtue. People like him have bred a faux moral monstrosity ready to pounce at a single trigger word. Even though what Mimi did was repulsive, it was years ago – something she says she regrets. Even when the 2016 video was brought to her attention, it was in response to her calling on friends to support blacklivesmatter . So what the point in destroying her entire future over it? The answer is that there is no point. These types of maneuvers are seen far too often and only serve the purpose to destroy. Cancel culture by its nature cannot create anything, and thus only exists to ruin. It takes people standing up in uncomfortable situations to start bucking the trend and showing people that it not okay to do this. But cancel culture is all about intimidation – and fewer and fewer people are willing to risk sticking their head up. Thus, we will likely see more kids like Jimmy and Mimi forget the idea of forgiveness, and practice revenge. Ultimately, our society is going to have to make a decision. Do we allow this to continue? Are we okay with living in constant fear, trying to gauge every last word we have ever said – even as children! – for possible incriminating material that could be used by the likes of Jimmy Galligan? Do we want more lives to be destroyed like this? Do we want our children to become Jimmy Galligans, obsessed with revenge against people that they don t have to interact with? Society needs to start answering these questions or people are going to have to be a saint just to get ahead in life. And a very specific kind of saint – one approved by the Church of Cancel Culture. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510917-cancel-culture-mimi-groves/
"28 Dec, 2020",RT’s The Wokies: America’s politicians had a busy 2020 virtue-signaling. Here are the top 10,"Amid the pandemic lockdowns, riots and a very controversial election, America’s politicians raced to out-woke each other. From the obscure to the obvious, all listed here pledge allegiance to the flag…of critical social justice. is a Serbian-American journalist, blogger and translator, who wrote a regular column for Antiwar.com from 2000 to 2015, and is now senior writer at RT. Follow him on Telegram@TheNebulatorand on Twitter@NebojsaMalic is a Serbian-American journalist, blogger and translator, who wrote a regular column for Antiwar.com from 2000 to 2015, and is now senior writer at RT. Follow him on Telegram@TheNebulatorand on Twitter@NebojsaMalic Here they are, starting on the local level and going all the way up to the top. Minneapolis, Minnesota Mayor Jacob Frey simply must be mentioned in any review of performative wokeness in 2020. After the death of George Floyd – an African-American man whose death during a botched arrest was attributed to an officer kneeling on him, rather than Covid-19 or fentanyl present in his system – rioters set a police station and the surrounding block on fire. From there, the riots spread to the neighboring St. Paul and then across America. Frey’s reaction was totake a kneeand wail like a professional mourner at Floyd’s funeral, as if he were best friends with the man. He also tried to join the“protesters”two days later and declare his devotion to social justice, only to bechased offby demonstrators calling on him to resign. He hasn’t been heard from much since. Yet the 13-member city council apparently decided to outdo Frey in public displays of wokeness. Composed of twelve Democrats and one Green, the council first voted to“defund the police”– outright replace the Minneapolis PD with a“reimagined public safety”agency. Except three of them thenhiredprivate security – at taxpayer expense of $4,500 a day – for themselves, saying they had received threats. City council chair Lisa Bender famouslytoldCNN that being able to call the police when your home is being invaded“comes from a place of privilege,”in one of the stupidest statements of 2020. Since then, the council has voted to spend anextra$500,000 to hire new police officers, only to slash the police budget by$8 million– in the name of ‘racial justice’ and ‘equity’ of course. They did so while lamenting the537-percentincrease in carjackings and a 17-percent spike in violent crime in general, as if that was entirely unrelated. For three weeks in June, blacklivesmatter activists and Antifa occupied several blocks of downtown Seattle, declaring it a Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone (CHAZ), also known as Capitol Hill Occupied Protest (CHOP). MayorJenny Durkan, a Democrat, initially insisted it was“not a lawless wasteland of anarchist insurrection”but“a peaceful expression of our community collective grief and their desire to build a better world.” “We could have the summer of love,”she told CNN. When criticized by President Donald Trump, she shot back:“Seattle is fine. Don’t be so afraid of democracy.” Seattle is fine. Don’t be so afraid of democracy.https://t.co/o26PkJnYhA CHAZ protesters, meanwhile,stormedCity Hall and demanded Durkan’s resignation. Eventually, they even showed up outside her house – whose location had been kept secret since Durkan’s days as a federal prosecutor. Only then did Mayor Jenny decide that maybe CHAZ wasn’t a summer of love and democracy, and moved to dismantle the shantytown. As it turns out, the CHAZ-ites had an ally inside the citadel all along: Councilmember Kshama Sawant, a self-avowed socialist, whom Mayor Durkanaccusedof opening City Hall to the protesters and organizing the demonstration outside her residence. Sawant actually admitted she“marched, rallied, and organized”with the local community in the name of racial, environmental and economic justice, and accused Durkan of having“utterly failed working people and communities of color in this city.” The city council sided with Sawant,rejectingDurkan’s request to investigate her actions and saying there were more pressing issues demanding their attention, such as“a civil rights movement demanding we divest from racist, anti-Black systems.”To exactly no one’s surprise, a second CHAZ sprung up in early December. While much of the media attention was on Minneapolis and Seattle, the supposedly nonexistent Antifa joined with blacklivesmatter in Portland, Oregon to besiege a federal courthouse and immigration buildings. Mayor Ted Wheeler pulled a Frey and joined the“peaceful protests”in July, only to get thesame reception. When Trump sent federal agents to crack down on the riots, Wheeler denounced the move.“No thanks. We don’t need your politics of division and demagoguery,”he said in an open letter posted on Twitter at the end ofAugust, channeling Seattle’s Durkan.“Your offer to repeat that disaster is a cynical attempt to stoke fear and distract us from the real work of our city.” Within days, however, he wasforcedto move from his condo after“peaceful protesters”tried to set the building onfire, along with nearby businesses owned by African-Americans. Give the man credit for his obstinate consistency, however: even after all that, Wheeler remains a supporter of the BLM-Antifa brand of wokeness. Several years ago, Democrat mega-donor and globalist financier George Soros decided to pour millions of dollars into local US politics, specifically elections for district attorneys. People who benefited from his largesse signaled their virtue in 2020 by outright refusing to prosecute rioters or even violent criminals, while throwing the book at ordinary people expressing political dissent. In July, DA Diana Becton of Contra Costa County, California actually charged a couple with a“hate crime”for painting over a blacklivesmatter sign. Becton insisted BLM is“an important civil rights cause that deserves all of our attention.” Some black lives apparently don’t matter to Kim Gardner, Becton’s colleague in St. Louis, Missouri. She ordered the release of everyone involved in the George Floyd riots, which resulted in the death of David Dorn – an African-American retired police captain murdered by looters. Meanwhile, she went after Mark and Patricia McCloskey, a couple who waved a rifle and a handgun to scare off a mob of rioters that barged onto their property. California may be dealing with rolling blackouts, unusually devastating wildfires and mass emigration to other states by people seeking a better life, but that hasn’t stopped Governor Gavin Newsom from pledging allegiance to woke values on an almost daily basis. Citing climate change, which he also blamed for the wildfires, in September Newsom signed a ban on all non-electric cars starting in 2035. This promptedEPAAdministrator Andrew Wheeler to write a scathing letter arguing that the ban“begs the question of how you expect to run an electric car fleet...when you can’t even keep the lights on today.” Newsom was undeterred, proceeding to sign another law that would mandate the state’s prisons to house inmates based on their owngender identity, rather than their sex assigned at birth, prohibiting discrimination based on the inmate’s anatomy. The law is part of California’s“march toward equality”and would help“uphold the dignity”of all state residents, Newsom said. Meanwhile, he has turned all of California into a de facto prison through draconian Covid-19 lockdowns – while exempting himself from the same rules. Whencaughtdining out with lobbyists at the fancy French Laundry restaurant, he shrugged it off by saying he“should have modeled better behavior”and carried on, undisturbed. Lest you think the wokeness is endemic to the Left Coast, there was plenty of it on display in the Big Apple this year as well. Mayor De Blasio was quick to jump on the lockdown train, but abruptly reversed course in June and declared that the virus didn’tapplyto blacklivesmatter protests. Then he personally helped paint blacklivesmatter outside the Trump Tower in an act of“liberating”5th Avenue, as heput it. NYPD was then told to look the other way at crime and guard the sign from peoplesplatteringit with paint instead. Meanwhile, he went after New York City’s OrthodoxJews,singlingthem out for coronavirus lockdown enforcement and condemning theirdefiance. In December, de Blasio ordered the arrest of a Staten Island barownerwho refused his arbitrary orders banning indoor dining. Just a few days later, Hizzoner was on TV talking about schools – which are mostly closed again – and openlydeclaredthat“our mission is to redistribute wealth”during a talk about public schools, arguing it was the only way to deal with“structural racism and segregation.” Hirono (D-Hawaii) is so woke that the Constitution and even the English language can’t contain her. Back in 2018, she famouslyarguedthat Supreme Court nominees don’t have a presumption of innocence because“we’re not in a court of law.”This October, during another SCOTUS nomination, she actually managed to change the dictionary. Mere hours after Hirono made the baffling claim that the term“sexual orientation”was“offensive and outdated,”Merriam-Websteralteredtheir entry to reflect Hirono’s assertion. Now that’s woke! While not a politician as such, the world’s largest museum and research institution complex is funded by the US government. It’s unclear when exactly they decided to endorse the language of critical race theory and intersectional social justice, but this year it was finally noticed. In July, at the peak of the George Floyd riots, a number of people found the ‘Whiteness’ page of the ‘Talking About Race’ series on the website of the National Museum of African-American History and Culture (NMAAHC), part of the Smithsonian Institution. It helpfully explained that self-reliance, nuclear family, the scientific method, delaying gratification, ‘Judeo-Christian tradition’, competitiveness and justice based on protecting property and English common law are all“white”things. The presentation was based on a slide show by corporate consultant Judith H Katz, dating back to the 1990s. Furore over the presentation led to its brief removal from the NMAAHC homepage, and an executiveorderby President Donald Trump in September, banning any sensitivity training that“scapegoated or stereotyped”people on the basis of race, sex or other characteristics. Democrats and diversityconsultantshave urged Joe Biden to rescind the order“on day one.” Not Biden the man, who boasted of authoring the 1994 crime bill and praised KKK Exalted Cyclops Robert Byrd at his funeral – but“Joe Biden”the construct, created by the mainstream media and the Democrat narrative managers as the apotheosis of America’s wokeness. Already woke-adjacent for having been Barack Obama’s wingman for eight years, the 78-year-old white guy from Delaware first burnished his credentials by picking Kamala Harris – or“Indian-Afro-Caribbean Woman Of Color”as the labels go – as his presumptive early replacement. Once the media proclaimed him president-elect, he proceeded to announce a cabinet stacked with“historic firsts”that CNNinsistedamounted to“an administration that looks like and reflects the diversity of America.” Among the“firsts”so far are nominations of African-American men to head Treasury, Defense and EPA, a Native American to head Interior, a Latino as head of Health and Human Services, a“Latino and immigrant”two-fer as head of Homeland Security, and a Hispanic“White House Social Secretary”(we kid you not). Then there are“Women of Color”to be the US Trade Representative and chair the Council of Economic Advisers, while Neera Tanden gets to double-dip and be the“first woman of color and first South Asian American”to run the Office of Management and Budget. Lest we forget, ex-Fed chair Janet Yellen is to be the“first woman as Treasury Secretary.” Proving that he is infinitely more woke than Trump, who only had a woman run the CIA and an openly gay man be the acting Director of National Intelligence,“Biden”nominated a woman to the DNI spot, while CNN breathlessly split hairs to inform America that Pete Buttigieg would be the“first out LGBTQ Cabinet secretary approved by the Senate.” Bright woke future, here we come! ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510675-wokies-america-politicians-virtue-signaling/
"28 Dec, 2020","Ted Nugent sets off Twitter SJWs with holiday message slamming blacklivesmatter as ‘soulless, stupid & based on lies’","Conservative rocker Ted Nugent appeared on the ‘America This Week’ radio program and made waves by targeting the blacklivesmatter movement, letting out comments that are earning him accusations of racism. Asked by host Eric Bolling on Sunday about athletes like Colin Kaepernick kneeling for the National Anthem and the American flag being “disrespected” at protests across the nation, Nugent made his feelings about BLM crystal clear. “I identify those people as being real soulless, real stupid. They don’t even know what they’re doing,”Nugent said of those behind the BLM movement. He then targeted the slogan“Hands up, don’t shoot,”a common chant by BLM protesters in reference to the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. “They claim that somebody’s hands were up, and they got shot. That’s a lie. I know the situation. I’ve studied those situations, and nobody’s hands were up, and nobody got shot. So the entire premise of that so-called protest is based on a lie,”Nugent said. Reports that Brown had been shot in cold blood by police with his hands raised in surrender, based on uncorroborated accounts of events, were proven to befalsein ensuing investigations. “And they can’t be that stupid. They know it’s a lie. They’re just liars. So when you see someone disrespecting our flag, um, they don’t deserve any respect themselves, and they should be ashamed of themselves,”Nugent said. Eric Clapton just called to complain that Ted is giving mediocre racist guitar players a bad name. Nugent, a vocal supporter of President Donald Trump and a Second Amendment advocate, has been blasted for his blunt comments on the BLM movement, which has seen protests across the country become more and more common this year, with some turning to violence. He been accused by liberal activists on social media of racism, though he never referred to black people when making his comments about BLM. Ted Nugent like the other so called MAGA celebrities are irrelevant...once the 🍊🤡 is gone let’s hope they all crawl back into the holes they came out of 4 years ago! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/510879-ted-nugent-black-lives-matter/
"27 Dec, 2020",‘It will be a VACCINE PASS before long’: Everton reminds fans to get mandated Covid tests to be allowed into Manchester City match,"Everton FC is reminding fans they’ll need to pass a Covid-19 test before attending Monday’s match with Manchester City, but the controversial safety measure is raising fears of more mandates to come, such as vaccination passports. The club tweeted out the reminder on Sunday, insisting that fans who wish to enter Goodison Park will need to have a negative Covid-19 test result from no more than 36 hours before the match begins. With Liverpool under Tier 2 Covid-19 restrictions – as opposed to the Tier 4 lockdown gripping London – as many as 2,000 fans may be allowed to attend the game. 🚨 | Coming to Goodison for#EVEMCItomorrow? Remember to follow our#GamePlanand get a negative COVID-19 test no more than 36 hours before the match. Click the link 🔽 to find out which testing centres are open.#FanReady Social media users have taken issue with Everton’s mandate, pointing out the faultiness of Covid-19 tests, the fact that people could contract coronavirus during the 36-hour period before the match, and the flawed logic of testing for one disease while ignoring others with which someone might be asymptomatic, such as, say, tuberculosis. Others questioned whether supporters should still be required to wear a mask. Using a lateral flow test with 50% accuracy, you d be as well asking them to guess heads or tails correctly, to gain entrance. What utter bullshit. I could have a negative test and then contract it 5 minutes later when I touch a surface then my face.It a complete farce.#SCAMDEMIC2020 Can you please list all the other illnesses asymptomatic (aka healthy) fans should be tested for? TB? Polio? The flu? “Why would face coverings be needed if everyone inside is negative?”one commentertweeted. Anothersaid:“They can’t answer these questions because it’s a load of utter nonsense.” Yes that’s exactly what they will be doing. It seemed pretty clear, if you don’t have a negative test don’t bother turning up as you won’t get in. Perhaps they should make crap memes or put it on YouTube so some can understand it better. But many observers raised concerns about the bigger picture, including implications for future demands that might be made to allow consumers such privileges as attending football matches. “Easy to see how this could morph into an ‘entrance-dependent-on-being-vaccinated scheme,""broadcaster Neil Clark said.“Needs to be pushback on this from sports fans before it’s too late.” .@Evertonmake attendance dependent on getting a negative Covid test. Easy to see how this could morph into an ´entrance dependent on being vaccinated’ scheme. Needs to be a big pushback on this from sports fans before it’s too late.https://t.co/uGLqSDo6Va Some commenters agreed, saying a Covid-19 test requirement is a bridge too far for them, especially at a time when fans are also expected to tolerate players kneeling before games in support of the blacklivesmatter political movement.“That’s me out – 50+ years a blue supporter, but done with football, between this and the knee,”one Everton fansaid. What an absolute disgrace, I hope this isn’t the future for all sporting events Others argued that consumers must refuse such demands to avoid emboldening the ruling class to take more control over people.""Boycott any business testing you,""one commenter named Terrysaid.""It will be a vaccine pass before long. Boycott this dystopian future."" ",https://www.rt.com/uk/510874-everton-covid-test-vaccine-passports/
"27 Dec, 2020",‘Did she also celebrate Tupac’s birthday?’ Incredulous internet sleuths take aim at Kamala Harris’ ‘childhood memories’ of Kwanzaa,"Social media users have accused US vice president-elect Kamala Harris of bending the truth after she claimed to have fond memories of celebrating Kwanzaa with her family. Harris released a video message on Saturday in which she wished her supporters a happy Kwanzaa, and said that her own family would be observing the holiday over Zoom. “Our Kwanzaa celebrations are one of my favorite childhood memories. The whole family would gather around across multiple generations and we’d tell stories and light the candles,”she reminisced, as a traditional seven-branched Kwanzaa candle holder was displayed on a table behind her. First celebrated in 1966, Kwanzaa is a pan-African holiday that lasts from December 26 to January 1. Its creator, African Studies professor Maulana Karenga, said the holiday was a way for people of African heritage to“celebrate themselves and their history.”A central figure in the Black Power movement in the US, Karenga himself was sentenced to ten years in prison in 1971, after being found guilty of assaulting and torturing two women. Considering that Kwanzaa was invented in 1966 and Harris was born in 1964, I highly doubt her family “across multiple generations” would have celebrated the holiday.This just comes across as another one of her lame attempts to sound human and in touch with the average voter.https://t.co/mbD895IoRA The vice president-elect, who has mixed Indian-Jamaican ancestry, spent her childhood in California and Montreal, Canada. Social media users immediately pounced on the video message, noting that Harris was born in 1964 in Oakland, California, raising questions about why“multiple generations”of her family would take part in a holiday that hadn’t yet been invented at the time of her birth. “What generations of your family were celebrat[ing] Kwanzaa when you grew up?”askedone suspicious Twitter user. Conservative pundits compared Harris’ comments to a Saturday Night Live sketch, and even left-wing commenters such as Margaret Kimberley, editor of the Black Agenda Report,accusedthe politician of lying about her family traditions. This is funnier than Saturday Night Live in the 90s. 😂 Others shared photographs showing Kamala’s “real” childhood. One picture is of her family in traditional Indian costume, while another photograph documents a family Christmas from 1968. Meanwhile, Kamala actual childhood:pic.twitter.com/bSXfAZkPSy I found 1, oh wait they are celebrating Christmas!pic.twitter.com/F9pMwJwfEG Given Harris’ background, there was also speculation about why any member of her family would even be interested in Kwanzaa. Her father emigrated to the United States from Jamaica. Although some argued that Kwanzaa is not widely celebrated in Jamaica, the holiday can be observed by all members of the African diaspora. But many still expressed their doubts. “Other holidays that Kamala Harris celebrated with her Tamil Brahmin grandmother in Montreal in the 1970s: Juneteenth, Ramadan, World AIDS Day, The Feast of St. George of Floyd, Tupac Shakur Birthday,”joked conservative journalist Steve Sailer. Other holidays that Kamala Harris celebrated with her Tamil Brahmin grandmother in Montreal in the 1970s:JuneteenthRamadanWorld AIDS DayThe Feast of St. George of FloydTupac Shakur Birthday Harris has struggled in the past when trying to connect with African Americans. In a gaffe from September, the California politician declared Tupac to be“the best rapper alive.”The artist had been killed in a drive-by shooting in 1996. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/510831-kamala-harris-kwanzaa-video/
"27 Dec, 2020",RT’s The Wokies: Top-10 BRITISH virtue signalers of 2020 (including a cop and a cleric),"It’s been a great year for a bit of virtue signaling. There been loads about which to show you REALLY care: blacklivesmatter , statue toppling, the pandemic, pick your poison. Here’s a look at the ten best hits from UK leaders. ByCharlie Stone, author and journalist who has worked for the BBC, several national newspapers in the UK and international media. Trust me. Vote for me. I care. Honestly. I really, really DO care. Virtue signaling for politicians is the modern day equivalent of kissing a baby, downing a pint in a working men club, going to church or hugging the wife. All for the cameras, of course. Plus it so very very easy to do. Just take the knee because Black Lives REALLY DO Matter or spout something Woke and with feeling - preferably on social media. You don t actually have to DO much of anything at all and you secretly don t even have to mean it. The definition of virtue signaling is an attempt to show other people that you re a good person. Politicians never want you to think they re a bad person, do they? Here ten of this year political best with a cop and a cleric thrown in for good measure: Justin Welby isn t a Catholic, but he has spent an awful lot of his time in the confessional this year. ""I am sorry and ashamed,""the Leader of the Anglican Church said in February.""I m ashamed of our history and I m ashamed of our failure. There is no doubt when we look at our own Church that we are still deeply institutionally racist. “I have white advantage, educational advantage, straight advantage, male advantage … I’m not ashamed of those advantages, I’m ashamed of not knowing I had them.” May I make a suggestion? How about an unconscious bias training course. It only takes a couple of hours, and you ll be cleansed. Just ask Keir Starmer (spoiler alert – he is also on this list). Police officers in uniform should stay clear of making political statements in public. Indeed, the head of the Metropolitan Police Cressida Dick instructed her officers not to take the knee during protests in London. But Pughsley took the knee at an event in Gravesend, as an act of humility - for the cameras, of course. He cares though, you see, he really really cares:""Our communities can be confident we listen, we work with them to solve problems and we are accountable for the service we provide. We are never complacent and always strive to be better."" Yeah, whatever Alan. Whatever. All of a sudden, in January, an obscure little virus that had first been spotted in a market in an obscure Chinese city called Wuhan was cutting a swathe across the whole globe. For weeks, scientists seemed to know just about as much as the rest of us as it clawed and coughed its way towards every one of us, ie: nothing much at all Barry Gardiner had been socially distancing, like the rest of us, from March. Then something more important came along than the health of himself and his neighbours: he had to join thousands of others and take the knee for a cause. An American black man was killed by a white cop... in America. But, well, blacklivesmatter . Only 48 hours earlier, he d been on the radio saying lockdown needed to be extended. There were others of course, including the MP Tobias Ellwood and broadcaster Piers Morgan, that didn t seem to quite get the hypocrisy. Covid 19 is a virtuous virus though, you see. Spend the day on the beach with your mates and the virus is hitching a ride back home with you on the train to infect everyone within a two metre radius. Take the knee close to thousands of others, however, and the little blighter receptors know how just your cause is - and they don t attach. Funny that. How George Floyd died was abhorrent to most human beings. Only a racist nut or a true moron would think what that cop did was reasonable. Kneeling on a man throat for almost nine minutes until he chokes to death is not restraint: it murder. Plain and simple. Taking the knee began as a protest against the unfair treatment of black Americans, and was made famous by NFL player Colin Kappernick and was picked up by the blacklivesmatter movement after Floyd death - or, more correctly, after video footage emerged of what happened. One doesn t actually need to take the knee to recognise and accept that what happened to George Floyd was an affront to humanity. But... George Floyd was a black American man killed by a white American cop... in America. It was not within the jurisdiction of any British lawmaker. And it funny how there is always a camera present at the crucial moment the knee touches the ground. ""Excuse me mate, any nice cafes around here? I m just gagging for a vegan latte!"" "" Course bud. What you wanna do, this time of night, is head down to the bottom of Destiny Road, left onto Inspire Avenue, cross over Respect Way, left onto Equality Road, right onto Diversity Grove and then next left. There a Woke cafe at the bottom of Humanity Close."" City planners in Birmingham asked locals where 5,000 new homes are being built on the site of the old university campus to come up with some street names, and this non-specific Woke piffle won the day. Say no more. Nadia, my dear, sorry - but you were just too young to become an MP. At 24, you had virtually no life experience whatsoever, and you made it very clear how little you know by the dopey clap-trap you tap into your smartphone. Debate, you see dear, is not a foot in the door for hatred it a kick in the arse to totalitarianism She tweeted:“We must not fetishise ‘debate’ as though debate is itself an innocuous, neutral act. The very act of debate in these cases is an effective rollback of assumed equality and a foot in the door for doubt and hatred.” Righto Nadia, righto. But debating, err, isn t that actually your new job? Here a quick lesson, you must have missed this one in school because you were too busy canvassing and putting up posters. Parliament. Like so much of the old stuff in Britain, it began in French. The very word Parliament is derived from the French verb parler - to talk .  Parlez vous français? Vous êtes membre du parlement. These days the Liberal Democrats have enough MPs to field a team in a Parliamentary football match - but only just, and they have no subs if anyone cries off with covid-19. Gone are the glory days when the party held the balance of power with 57 seats and Nick Clegg was kingmaker and deputy PM. Wera Hobhouse is one of those 11 political superstars, and is the party Justice spokesperson. (Everyone gets a post in the Lid Dems these days, there are more Cabinet equivalent jobs than MPs to fill them.) And Wera big idea for her tiny, pretty much irrelevant political party? Let get more people from ethnic minorities into Parliament. Brilliant. Nobody else has ever thought of that one, Wera. The Parliament elected in December 2019 is the most diverse ever. But she wants to go a step further, a step too far. She wants to make it legal to draw up shortlists of candidates that have no white people on them. She tweeted in October.""We cannot hope to beat racial injustice unless the people making decisions genuinely represent our diverse nation."" Here a suggestion to white, German-born Ms Hobhouse for the new year: give up your own seat to a BAME candidate and hold a by-election. North of the border, and be careful what you say after a little too much mulled wine grandma. As you grumble about a year filled with lockdowns, social distancing and Boris bloody Johnson around the table with the seven other people you re allowed to see on Christmas Day, keep an eye out for anyone writing it all down on a napkin. It won t be a letter to Santa 2021, it ll be evidence for the Justice Department. Scottish Justice Secretary Humza Yousaf wants insulting conversations at home between family and friends to be punishable. You d still have the right to be offensive , he said, but“stirring up hatred”against others on the basis of religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, transgender identity or“variations in sexual characteristics”will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. “Let just give an example, which is intentionally stirring up hatred against Muslims,”he said.“Are we saying that that is justified because it is in the home?” So? You don t actually have the right to be offensive at all, then? Unless it offensive to someone who is white, non-religious, straight, not old and not disabled. Then, go ahead - fill yer boots. Got that, grandma? You can still slag off uncle Frank, I ve never seen him in a dress. Have another whisky. It an unfortunate but statistical fact that a disproportionate amount of violent crime in London is perpetrated by black youths - upon other black youths. But, that simple fact is a political minefield these days for any cop in England capital city. Stop and search, you see, disproportionately impacts upon... yup, you guessed it, black youths. Of course there must be a racist element to the stats plus you cannot discard the individual idiocy of some very stupid officers. But it also pretty basic logic, it pretty basic policing too: try to target the perpetrators. But the number one job of a policeman in Mayor Khan London is not to actually catch any bad guys or prevent crime, oh no, a cop number one priority is to put a tick in an ever-lengthening row of boxes. He wants, for example, 40 per cent of new recruits to be of BAME backgrounds by 2022 and he also wants them to be from London itself. That pretty much only a year away now, let check in this time next year and see how you re doing with that one, Mayor Khan. That if you don t get booted out in the Mayoral election in May. Sir Keir, bless him. At heart he just a stiff and not very exciting lawyer with his Superman hairdo and nice blue suit. The single most interesting thing about Sir Keir is that he not Jeremy Corbyn. But the new Labour leader Woke vital statistics were dented in the summer after he described the blacklivesmatter movement as a moment - as in it wouldn t last long. Oops. (He insisted later he d actually meant moment in time , ie: big and important). Something had to be done to repair the damage amongst the perpetually offended. So Sir Keir lifted the proverbial baby out of the pram and gave it a big slobbery kiss, by signing up for a thing called unconscious bias training . That a course to re-programme prejudiced ways of thinking and assumptions about people because they can unfairly influence decisions, such as who might get a job. ""I think everybody should have unconscious bias training. I think it is important,""he said in July. So the 58-year-old Labour leader purged himself of a lifetime of subliminal bias - hey, it only took a couple of hours - in October, when his spokesman trumpeted that he had passed his unconscious bias training. One has to wonder, though, what does one actually have to do in order to fail? ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510455-top-british-virtue-signalers/
"26 Dec, 2020",RT’s The Wokies: Top 10 CORPORATE panderers who plumbed new depths in 2020,"Corporations went headlong into performative wokeness this year, falling over themselves to embody the spirit of diversity and inclusion. They mostly succeeded in alienating customers and bringing down torrents of mockery instead. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram While some companies deliberately set out to become woke standard-bearers, donating conspicuous sums to blacklivesmatter or delivering pompous press releases about their new direction, others were pushed into the PC pit unexpectedly - whether through guilt by association or because a publicity-hungry customer was able to bend the ear of a story-hungry tabloid. Perhaps attempting to distract from the revelation that management knew about the shortcomings in the 737 MAX’s onboard computer that killed hundreds of passengers in two crashes within six months, Boeing was quick to embark on an internal witch hunt as blacklivesmatter took over the sociopolitical discourse this summer, wielding the big stick of cancel culture against its own employees. Communications chief Niel Golightly resigned after just six months with the company over a 33-year-old article he’d written arguing against women serving in the military. While he claimed the piece no longer reflected his views, it was nevertheless“embarrassingly wrong and offensive,”Golightly said - to applause from the CEO, who boasted about the company’s“unrelenting commitment to diversity and inclusion in all itsdimensions.” Boeing’splanesmay still be horrificallyunsafe, but at least doomed passengers can die content that the airplane manufacturer has“zero tolerance for bigotry of any kind.” Not to be outdone by the Americans, top Scandinavian airline SAS let its customers know in February that“nothing is truly Scandinavian.”Releasing a commercial claiming that cultural touchstones from Norway, Sweden and Denmark had actually come from elsewhere and declaring those countries’ residents were “no better than our Viking ancestors” in terms of (metaphorical) pillaging, the company seemed surprised when Scandinavians didn’t take kindly to being told they had no culture of their own. SAS ultimately removed the spot - though not before blaming the backlash on“right-wingers”and“hate groups.” Publishing giant Penguin Random House in partnership with Barnes & Noble planned to celebrate Black History Month in February by changing the races of iconic literary characters for 12 re-released editions of young adult classics - confusing those they were trying to pander to (who asked why thepublisherhadn’t just featured works written by actual black authors) and alienating others with the cheap stunt. At the eleventh hour, the“culturally diverse”book launch wasshelved. Buttermaker Land o’ Lakes quietly removed the illustrated Native American woman“Mia”from its logo in February following a handful of complaints from Native academics and politicians that the demure image was somehow playing into“sexualized depictions of Indigenous women.”But far from getting the plaudits it expected for the woke gesture, the company was deluged with bad reviews by customers who resented its kowtowing to political correctness. The son of the Native artist behind the most recent depictions of“Mia”even penned an op-ed for the Washington Post skewering the brand, noting that Land o’ Lakes in true American fashion had“got[ten] rid of the Indian and kept the land.”Ouch. Following Quaker Foods’ decision to dump its“Aunt Jemima”syrup mascot in June, citing the character’s racist origins in the“mammy”stereotype of black women, other companies whose packaging prominently featured black characters rushed to dispose of them in what some observed was an ironic blow against minority representation. Mars’“Uncle Ben”and the nameless black chef gracing B&G’s Cream of Wheat packages were unceremoniously ushered out the door in Jemima’swake. Indeed, the frenzy to dispose of potentially problematic brand emblems reached such a peak that ConAgra Foods opted to discontinue its Mrs. Butterworth syrup - even though the eponymous Butterworth, represented in the product’s“distinctive motherly-shaped bottle,”was merely intended to“evoke the images of a loving grandmother”and has no race at all. Dessert maker Hansens opted to rename its popular“Eskimo”line of chocolate-covered ice cream pops in July after a Danish politician complained the term“Eskimo”means“eater of raw meat”and“has a pejorative meaning for many Greenlanders.”They weren’t the first to drop the supposedly offensive term - Dreyer’s Grand Ice Cream, which had been selling chocolate-covered ice cream“Eskimo Pies”for nearly a century, vowed in June to rename the product and change its marketing campaign, which had featured a little boy dressed in ‘Eskimo’ garb against a snowybackdrop. Hansens was lambasted for bending to political correctness, with tens of thousands of“angry”Facebook reactions to thenews. But competitor Premier, which makes a similar product called“Kaempe Eskimo”(Giant Eskimo), opted to keep its name - and presumably a larger share of the chocolate-covered ice-cream pop market. Corporate groveling reached something of a nadir with UK department store chain Marks & Spencer caving to a single bullying customer upset over the names of the colors it offered for bras. The individual complained M&S was naming darker-colored bra shades less favorably than lighter-colored ones - the dark color was called“tobacco”while lighter colors sported names like“cinnamon”and“fudge.”Initially ignored by M&S, shopper Kusi Kimani went to the UK tabloids, at which point the chain began apologizing profusely and promised to solve this most first-world of first-worldproblems. In a year where small businesses, especially restaurants, are struggling to merely keep their doors open, crowdsourced business-rating platform Yelp opted to empower the worst impulses of petty wokesters with a new“business accused of racist behavior alert.”The feature was quickly embraced by Antifa, which reportedly asked its members to begin reporting“any company that’s hanging blue lives [matter] garbage in their store or anything else that’s anti the [ blacklivesmatter ] movement”in the hope of driving such benighted establishments out of business. The racism-alert feature wasn’t even Yelp’s first foray into performative wokeness for 2020 - that honor goes to its collaboration with“Open to All,”a company that makes virtue-signaling window decals marking an establishment as a bastion of tolerance and diversity-training kits for businesses that can’t afford the tens of thousands of dollars it costs to hire a corporate-credentialed“diversity consultant.” When it comes to instilling woke virtues, the dominant thinking is that you can never start kids too young, and Nickelodeon quickly caught on to the power they wielded regarding control of young children’s worldviews. The cartoon-dominated network ran nearly nine minutes of a black screen flashing“I can’t breathe”in time with the contradictory sound of breathing (with a countdown at the top of the screen, in case anyone wasn’t aware that this was going on for as long as some of the channel’s actual shows). While it’s not clear if they expected their pint-size viewers to be familiar with slain Minneapolis man George Floyd or the amount of time he’d spent under a smirking cop’s knee, they presumably assumed the unusually quiet nine minutes would drive children to ask their parents what had happened to their usual brightly-colored entertainment - at which point the parents would presumably choose between explaining Floyd’s death to their formerly innocent kids or shelling out some kind of donation to woke standard-bearers Color of Change to change the subject. Stock exchange Nasdaq announced last month that companies hoping to remain listed on its authoritative index had better start diversifying their boards of directors, meritocracy bedamned. Submitting a proposal to the Securities and Exchange Commission that would require companies to include at least one director“who self-identifies as female”and another“who self-identifies as either an underrepresented minority or LGBTQ+,”the exchange raised eyebrows across the financial sector. Nasdaq isn’t the first to prioritize skin-deep diversity over talent or business acumen, either - investment bank Goldman Sachs also declared earlier this year that it would no longer take companies public that didn’t have at least one“diverse”board member, and Credit Suisse recently debuted a new index called“LGBT-350”to encourage investment in companies considered LGBT-friendly places to work. Given the disastrous recession many of the world’s economies have plunged into thanks to government-mandated shutdowns triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, it’s hard to tell which companies have fallen victim to the longstanding rule of“get woke, go broke.”However, it’s clear many of those with purchasing power are sick of the pandering - and eager to spend their hard-earned cash elsewhere. But with those who set the economic rules - not just Nasdaq, but the entire ESG (environmental, social and governance) financial virtue-signaling apparatus - having embraced the program of all-woke, all the time, it’s not clear if dissatisfied consumers will have any alternatives in the near future. After all, most small businesses are facing certain death at the hands of coronavirus-crazy governments who’d rather“kill ‘em all and let God sort them out”than allow citizens to make their own decisions. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510453-top-corporate-panderers-2020/
"26 Dec, 2020",2020 Talkers Ten: An unforgettable news cycle,"Radio host and publisher Michael Harrison takes us through 2020 most talked about news stories in his annual Talkers Ten. From Trump impeachment to blacklivesmatter to the struggling economy during the pandemic, The Big Picture offers a year-end retrospective of the stories that have made for an unforgettable turn of the decade. Legal and media analyst Lionel explains the implications of local police departments deploying cloud-based surveillance to continuously monitor homes and businesses. Have privacy rights been completely forsaken for the sake of security? Plus, Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle shares insights gleaned from a tumultuous 2020, including how an era of“alternative facts”has reshaped the way we trust and communicate with each other. Be sure to check us out onYouTubeandTwitter! Podcasthttps://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/the-big-picture ",https://www.rt.com/shows/big-picture/510689-2020-talkers-ten-news/
Skipped,Skipped,"Radio host and publisher Michael Harrison takes us through 2020 most talked about news stories in his annual Talkers Ten. From Trump impeachment to blacklivesmatter to the struggling economy during the pandemic, The Big Picture offers a year-end retrospective of the stories that have made for an unforgettable turn of the decade. Legal and media analyst Lionel explains the implications of local police departments deploying cloud-based surveillance to continuously monitor homes and businesses. Have privacy rights been completely forsaken for the sake of security? Plus, Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle shares insights gleaned from a tumultuous 2020, including how an era of“alternative facts”has reshaped the way we trust and communicate with each other. ",https://www.rt.com/podcast/510690-2020-talkers-ten-news/
"25 Dec, 2020","RT presents The WOKIES: 2020’s top virtue signalers, ENTERTAINMENT edition","This year has been a bad one for most of us, but woke virtue signalers of every stripe have been having the best of times. To honor them, RT presents The Wokies award chart – and first on stage is the entertainment industry. Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo It is unsurprising that the entertainment industry, which naturally attracts the intellectually vapid, the emotionally insecure and the rabidly self-absorbed, boasted some of the most egregious and aggressive virtue signaling in the history of the art form in 2020. Anyone who has ever waded through the intellectual cesspool of our narcissistic culture is all too familiar with the compulsive public expressions of moral superiority and shameless self-righteousness of entertainment industry wokeness. In 2020, entertainment industry virtue signalers, in a desperate attempt for attention and validation, vomited such copious amounts of their odious, self-serving woke bile into the public sphere that it felt like we were all living in a giant virtue vomitorium. In honor of the worst year in recent memory, I have put together a list of the 10 worst virtue signalers in entertainment for 2020. Enjoy! The NYT’s list of the25 Greatest Actorsof the 21st Century (So Far) and theBest Actors of 2020studiously ignored talent, skill and reality and instead went all in on virtue signaling by including a cavalcade of minority, foreign and elderly actors as well as ridiculous Tik-Tok performers. The final result is a human resources department’s wet dream and looks more like the waiting room at a casting call for a diversity and inclusion public service announcement than a collection of best actors. The home of the famous Golden Bear and Silver Bear Awards announced this year that they were going gender neutral in their acting awards… how very Weimar of them. Next up – Golden and Silver Bears announce their pronouns are they/them and ze/zir. Put a warninglabelon Gone with the Wind so that people knew they were bad for watching it and evil for liking it. Also put out UNpregnant, a zany, whacky, fun-loving teen abortionmovie. So much virtue to signal! Bell had an All-Star caliber virtue signaling year… shequita voice role because she is white, did the ‘I Take Responsibility’ video – the gold standard of the virtue signaling art form, thensaidshe raises her kids anti-racist and doesn’t care about their sexual choices. The Quadruple Crown of virtue signaling! Ask not for whom the virtue signaling Bell tolls… it tolls for all of us! Brody turned the virtue signaling up to 11 this year by being inappropriately amorous with the pedophile starter kit known asCutiesand by ranking Spike Lee’s abysmal and amateurishDa 5 Bloodsas #2 on his ‘Best of the Year’ list. Apparently, Brody doesn’t care if people think he’s a pedophile, but he REALLY doesn’t want people to think he’s racist… now that’s some quality virtue signaling! As evidenced by the insipid woke comedic stylings of Saturday Night Live, Jimmy Fallon’s impotentapologyfor wearing blackface 20 years ago, Stephen Colbert literallycryingabout Trump, and the eunuch brigade of Jimmy Kimmel, John Oliver and Trevor Noah going all in on the safest, wokest, establishment-approved comedy imaginable, virtue signaling has spread like a contagion through late night comedy. These flaccid, pandering clowns make Jay Leno seem downright Carlin-esque. Yuck. Disney attached absurdly verbose contentwarningsto some of their classic animated films like Dumbo and Lady and the Tramp and Hulu (which Disney controls) pulled episodes of 30 Rock, It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Scrubs, Golden Girls and Community for committing the sin of comedy ‘black face’ in the past. Disney – where adults get treated like children! This year, the NBA emulated the flopping and vacant histrionics of its players by doing an extravagantly exaggerated, dramatically over-the-topembraceof ‘social justice’. In the NBA bubble in Orlando – the Happiest Place on Earth, ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ was painted on every court and players wore trite woke slogans on the back of their jerseys. The absurdity and obscenity of filthy rich, pampered, dim-witted athletes, safely sealed in five-star hotels with all expenses paid, adored by millions of people worldwide, wearing jerseys demanding fans ‘See Us’ and ‘Love Us’ is so astronomical as to be immeasurable. Then there is the MVP of Virtue Signaling, LeBron James, who should trade in his Nikes for clown shoes after he wore a Breonna Taylor ‘Say Her Name’ T-shirt and did an egregiously adolescent and nauseatingly pretentious Wakandasalutewhen Black Panther actor Chadwick Boseman died. Yikes. LeBron won the NBA championship in 2020 and nearly took the virtue signaling title too! The Oscars opened 2020 by virtue signaling about theenvironmentand ended it virtue signaling aboutdiversity. To paraphrase Schindler’s List, the Oscars’ new diversity and inclusion initiative isn’t just some good old-fashioned hating of straight, able-bodied white men…it’s official policy now. If the Academy Awards’ goal is to signal its virtue enough to make straight, able-bodied white men persona non grata in Hollywood, destroy cinematic quality and bankrupt the film industry, they are succeeding spectacularly. Bravo! Imaginebeing so self-absorbed that you think making a video of you and your wealthy friends singing the saccharine anthem ‘Imagine’ from your mansions during a pandemic when ordinary people are suffering unimaginable-to-you hardships such as losing their jobs, their homes and their loved ones, is a really good idea. I ‘Imagine’ a glorious utopia with no jackass celebrities or pathetically pandering corporations and certainly no virtue signaling. I know it will never happen, but it is a pleasant dream. Congratulations to all the virtue signalers of 2020. Your grating, self-serving displays of phony virtue are a towering monument to your own shamelessness and self-righteousness. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510452-2020-top-virtue-signalers-entertainment/
"24 Dec, 2020",UK football club responds to fans who booed players for BLM kneeling by banning some and ordering RE-EDUCATION for others,"Cambridge United Football Club is punishing fans who booed when players kneeled in solidarity with blacklivesmatter , banning some from Abbey Stadium for the season and requiring others to be re-educated before they can return. The club launched an investigation after hearing a smattering of boos when players kneeled before Cambridge United December 15 home game against Colchester. Based on the findings of that probe, the team on Wednesday said it banned an undisclosed number of fans and issued refunds to those who had season tickets. Other politically incorrect fans were told they could get back into the stadium only after receiving discrimination and equality education. “Diversity and inclusion will continue to be at the heart of what we stand for as a football club, and we will be making no further comment about the incident,”Cambridge United said in a statement. CLUB STATEMENT | Cambridge United confirm it has taken action with respect to a very small number of fans after the Colchester United game in light of their behaviour when players took the knee.Full statement ➡️https://t.co/B7LYtLjA4K#CamUTDpic.twitter.com/A9hJgJ3Cpi Several club board members oversaw the investigation, including Godric Smith, formerly spokesman for then-Prime Minister Tony Blair. Individual fans were given the opportunity to“explain their actions.” But some observers found it absurd that a football club supporters would even need to explain why they chose to boo.“Cambridge deserves to go under for this,”one commenter said.“Who on earth do these football clubs think they are?” Cambridge deserve to go under for this. An absolute joke. Who on earth do these football clubs thing they are? Stadium bans and education for fans who booed players taking a kneehttps://t.co/PbUjClwNVkvia@MailOnline Other fans said the booing was driven by disgust over BLM offensive political agenda, not racism, and they will continue to voice their displeasure. One said,“2020, and booing communismis punishable,”while another quipped,“Justleave footyto the woke, and watch it go broke. Good riddance.” BLM desecrated The Cenotaph. They are a political Marxist organisation. This is why us fans find it offensive that the players are forced to take the BLM knee. We are all for the kick it out campaign but not this. I will be booing at the next Cambridge Utd game. A similar controversy was stirred on December 5, after fans at a Millwall FC match hosting Derby County booed when players kneeled in support of BLM, leadingmedia outletsto brand them asracist. A fan group for Millwall, the Millwall Supporters Club, said those who booed were responding to BLM extreme politicalviews and actions, such as damaging war memorials and Winston Churchill statues. Millwall FC responded by saying that players from both teams at its next match, against Queens Park Rangers, would stand together before the game and hold a pro-equality banner. Fans responded by cheering heartily when players held the banner on December 8. 🤝#Millwallx@QPR🤝💙#UnitedForChangepic.twitter.com/sNhwplPtZ1 ",https://www.rt.com/sport/510703-cambridge-football-kneeling-reeducation-ban/
"23 Dec, 2020",Italian footballer accused of making racist ‘revolt of the slaves’ comment at black rival,"Italian footballer Michele Marconi has been accused of racism after allegedly making a remark about “slaves” toward Nigerian player Joel Obi during the Serie B clash between Pisa and Chievo. Chievo have alleged that Obi was racially abused during Tuesday’s 2-2 draw at Pisa, with striker Marconi said to have uttered the phrase“the slave revolt”in his opponent’s direction during the first half. ""Following the racist phrase the slave revolt  said by the Pisa player Michele Marconi to the midfielder Joel Obi during the first half of the Pisa–Chievo Verona match, the club expresses the utmost solidarity towards its player, the subject of a slanderous and bleak phrase, which has nothing to do with the most elementary and basic values ​​of sport, ethics and respect,""Chievo said ina statementafter the match. 🤝 NOI STIAMO CON JO 🤝E diciamo forte 🛑🛑 NO AL RAZZISMO 🛑🛑✋#NoToRacism✋pic.twitter.com/72IHg9CBA1 ""AC Chievo Verona strongly condemns and stigmatizes the racist behavior suffered by Joel Obi, and regrets that a phrase heard by most on the field was not followed by any disciplinary measures: neither by the referee, nor by the assistant and fourth official, nor the federal prosecutor. ""AC Chievo Verona, always a staunch supporter of the values ​​of ethics, respect and fair play – will continue to remain at the forefront of the fight against any form of racism or violence, on and off any playing field."" Obi, 29, has spent much of his career in Italy, playing for San Siro giants Inter Milan as well as Parma and Torino. He has 17 caps to his name for the Nigerian national team. Former Italy youth international Marconi played 77 minutes of Tuesday’s clash before being replaced by Alessandro De Vitis, in a game which saw Pisa reduced to 10 men when Nicholas Siega was sent off late on for a second yellow card, before Chievo leveled the score at 2-2 in the 90th minute. Pisa have denied the allegations towards 31-year-old former Atalanta star Marconi, saying the the club""distances itself""from Chievo statement ""Our player has also confirmed that he did not make any offensive remarks to the opposition player, let alone in a racist context,""read a Pisa statement. COMUNICATO 👇https://t.co/pI5v1m3zNb ""Pisa Sporting Club has always been active in social fields and collaborated with integration projects in aid of groups that are most in need, following the example set by our fan base which is known all over Italy because of its charitable initiatives and stance in the fight against racism. ""For these reasons, Pisa Sporting Club does not accept lessons on behavior from anyone."" Football is increasingly alert to allegations of racism amid ongoing campaigns linked to the blacklivesmatter movement. READ MORE: Walkouts and wokeness: Champions League scenes show sport is hostage to social justice campaigns – and fans will suffer Earlier this season, players from Istanbul Basaksehir and Paris Saint-Germain walked off during the first half of their Champions League match after claims the Romanian fourth official racially abused a member of the Basaksehir coaching staff by identifying him as“the black one”when speaking to the match referee in his native language. Italy has also seen high-profile racism incidents in recent seasons involving players such as former Juventus star Moise Kean, Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly, and Italy striker Mario Balotelli. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/510541-chievo-pisa-racism-slavery/
"20 Dec, 2020",‘Let us in!’ Students swarm Charlie Kirk-headlined Turning Point USA conference for 2nd day after HUNDREDS locked out on 1st night,"Turning Point USA’s Student Action Conference is underway in Palm Beach, Florida. Footage shows hundreds attending the event, despite last minute capacity changes that led to chaotic first night. “Students once again attempt to get into @TPUSA Student Action Summit after many of them were blocked by police from entering the venue last night due to questionable last minute capacity changes by county officials,”Blaze reporter Elijah Shaffer tweeted on Sunday, along with footage of the massive crowd gathered in Florida to hear conservative speakers such as Vice President Mike Pence, My Pillow founder Mike Lindell, and Donald Trump Jr. The“questionable last minute capacity changes”led to a chaotic first night for the summit where some speakers brought the show outside to attendees who were blocked from entering the building due to Covid-19 restrictions. Turning Point USA, a conservative organization mainly aimed at students and young Americans,toldto Red State that the contract for the event had to be renegotiated with city officials once the Covid-19 pandemic hit, but that didn’t stop people from being barred from the event. The new contract, according to statements from Turning Point, would have allowed overflow audience members to still take part in the conference by occupying an exhibit hall, so as not to violate the event’s 50 percent capacity rule for the main hall. Palm Beach County officials, however, blocked students from entering the lobby area to register for the event once the main ballroom was at capacity. According to the local CBSaffiliate, city officials said that Turning Point USA over-registered the event, while the conservative group claimed access to the main ballroom was cut off well below the 50 percent threshold, and the overflow agreement was not adhered to as attendees were blocked from receiving badges to actually enter. Once speakers like Fox News host Tucker Carlson got wind of the situation, they decided to take the event to the streets. We are out here with@DonaldJTrumpJrbringing SAS outside to the crowd that the county leftists are trying to keep out of#SAS2020– we are doing everything we humanly can to make it available to everyone. Please be kind to our@TPUSAstaff, we are working on it allpic.twitter.com/AYEsjWBdIR Check out@charliekirk11&@TuckerCarlsonspeaking to the crowd outside of#SAS2020This is awesomehttps://t.co/PUQIqcyClS HUGE thank you to our incredible@TPUSA#SAS2020speakers -@TuckerCarlson,@DonaldJTrumpJr,@DennisPrager,@SebGorka,@SaraCarterDC, and so many others who, when our attendees weren’t let in to the event, took the event outside to themhttps://t.co/2uU82vp99M Some conservatives cried bias over the limitations on the event, citing“leftist”protests across the country from groups like blacklivesmatter that not only turned violent sometimes, but also blatantly breached Covid-19 restrictions. “Leftist goons can burn down city blocks, but conservative kids can t gather in a convention center?”radio host Todd Starnes tweeted in response to the debacle. Leftist goons can burn down city blocks, but conservative kids can t gather in a convention center?#SAS2020@TPUSA@DonaldJTrumpJr@kimguilfoylehttps://t.co/BsyDSCuB6i You’re doing it wrong. Next time don’t pay to use the convention center, instead ‘occupy’ the convention center. I love that Trump went outside to talk to those who couldn’t get in. Or were blocked from going in maybe due to max capacity. However they had tickets. Hmmm..,Does this makes sense to you block people from going to the rally but allow BLM.https://t.co/DQWj0yHVhT ",https://www.rt.com/usa/510272-kirk-trump-carlson-florida-tpusa/
"20 Dec, 2020",The woke left are demonizing parents and want to abolish the family. It’s the intellectual equivalent of a toddler’s tantrum,"Children raised in a nuclear family are safer, healthier, happier, and more successful. So, of course, the radicals want to abolish it and raise kids in communes, because “parents are tyrants.” Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo Michael McCaffrey is a writer and cultural critic who lives in Los Angeles. His work can be read at RT, Counterpunch and at his websitempmacting.com/blog. He is also the host of the popular cinemapodcastLooking California and Feeling Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter@MPMActingCo 2020 has been a year of pandemics. The most prominent of these is coronavirus, which has killed over a million people worldwide and wreaked havoc on the global economy. But it isn’t the only problematic outbreak to ravage the globe in 2020 – the pandemic of woke idiocy continues to rage unabated. One particularly imbecilic strain of this vicious virus is the agenda that espouses eliminating the nuclear family. As a parent and a leftist, I find this assault on parents and nuclear families to be the height of self-serving and self-defeating intellectual masturbation. A perfect example of this mindless mania is a recenttweetfrom Noah Berlatsky, a pissant provocateur and philosophical poseur who writes for the Guardian and the Atlantic magazine. Berlatsky whined,“parents are tyrants. ‘parent’ is an oppressive class, like rich people or white people.” He followed that belch into the woke echo chamber with this equally odious one:“There are things you can try to do to minimize the abuse that’s endemic to the parent/child relationship, but it’s always there.” Apparently, someone didn’t change baby Berlatsky’s dirty diaper fast enough and now we all have to deal with the stink. Sadly, Berlatsky’s buffoonery is not an outlier, as this anti-family mindset is rampant among the woke left. Examples of this absurd agenda being aggressively pushed abound. blacklivesmatter , the standard bearer for woke, fact-free, emotion-fueled idiocy in 2020, and which has garnered establishment support and millions in corporate donations, not only declare that they want to“abolish police,”but also“abolish the family.” Flagship left-wing publications like the Nation, Vice, and Jacobin have all in recent months and years dedicated time and energy to the malignant anti-family cause. In addition, Sophie Lewis, a self-described“feminist thinker,”which she proves is an oxymoron, has made a name for herself attacking the nuclear family in her book ‘Full Surrogacy Now: Feminism Against the Family’. Lewis, an Oxford-educated bulls**t artist, uses pretentious language and provocative statements to camouflage her laughably pubescent arguments. An example of Lewis’ utopianist jackassery is found in herarticle, ‘The Coronavirus Crisis Shows It’s Time to Abolish the Family’, where her“logical”approach to combat the virus is revealed as,“Free all prisoners and detainees now… and dismiss all the workers with full pay so they can… pursue laziness for at least the next decade.” Lewis likes tilting at windmills as evidenced by herdesireto“denaturalize the mother-child bond” and to promote “the idea that babies belong to anyone – the idea that the product of gestational labor gets transferred as property to a set of people.” Lewis further reveals her intellectual obtuseness and foolish anti-family fanaticism by declaring,“even when the private nuclear household poses no direct physical or mental threat to one’s person – no spouse-battering, no child rape, and no queer-bashing – the private family qua mode of social reproduction still, frankly, sucks. It genders, nationalizes and races us… It makes us believe we are ‘individuals.’” Individuals? Perish the thought! Of course, according to the anti-family left, the answer to the parent problem is that, like Hillary Clinton long ago taught us… it takes a village to raise a child. While it may very well take a village to satiate Hillary’s husband’s gargantuan sexual appetite, history shows us that communes and communal parenting are never a healthy option for children or society. For instance, abevyof high-profile Hollywood stars have grown up in communes and cults where the nuclear family was replaced with a communal approach and it was more ordeal than ideal. The famed Arquette family, which includes Roseanne, Patricia, and David, grew up in a commune, as did Winona Ryder. None of them speak highly of the experience, which included a lack of electricity and running water and rampant drug use. Rose McGowan, as well as Joaquin and River Phoenix, grew up in the communal, ‘free love’ Children of God sect that was rife with child sexualabuse. McGowan said of the experience,“There’s a trail of some very damaged children that were in this group… I got out by the skin of my teeth.” Studiesshowthat stepparents or non-biological guardians of children are astronomically more likely to harm children than biological parents. Yes, there are certainly awful parents in the world who abuse and neglect their own biological children, but Berlatsky bemoaning parental power dynamics and Lewis lamenting gestational labor are, ironically, the intellectual equivalent of a toddler’s tantrum. Wanting to eliminate the nuclear family because some people have had traumatic experiences is infinitely asinine and embarrassingly infantile; it is akin to demanding that the Sun stop rising in the east because you got sunburn. As any parent will tell you, raising a child is a Sisyphean task requiring a Herculean effort, but it is worth it asstudyafter study shows. Growing up in a nuclear family is, contrary to the anti-family left, not an albatross but an advantage in terms of mental, emotional, physical, and social health, as well as education achievement and incomelevel. What all children need are parents who love, comfort, protect, and guide them. And what these delusional anti-family advocates need is a reality check… and a swift kick in the ass. I’d be happy to deliver both. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510122-woke-demonizing-parents-family/
"19 Dec, 2020",Woke review of the Queen’s paintings shames true heroes of Xmas favourite ‘Zulu’ by insulting their bravery as ‘colonial violence’,"A painting of a famous battle scene owned by the Queen and retold in the film ‘Zulu’ has been relabelled. A blacklivesmatter -inspired review has shamefully decried the bravery at Rorke’s Drift as racist and violent imperialism. While it must be hard for the Queen to ignore the clamour of the woke constituency, especially when one’s own grandchildren are the poster couple for this increasingly insidious mindset, caving in over therelabellingof ‘The Defence of Rorke’s Drift,’ at Christmas of all times, is really a step too far. The 1880 painting, commissioned by Queen Victoria from Lady Butler, depicts a battle that took place just a year earlier in which about 4,000 Zulu warriors were held at bay by 141 mostly sick and wounded men who had been left at the mission station by advancing British and Colonial troops during the battle to build a unified South Africa. Hours earlier, another detachment of troops had been left at Isandlwana, where they stumbled  across a Zulu camp of 20,000 warriors. That misfortune resulted in the death of around 1,350 British soldiers and auxiliaries in one of the worst defeats in British military history. The Zulus had stopped the British in their tracks and later celebrated their mighty king Cetshwayo and the slaughter insong, which was even reprinted in The Times in 1879. They were not alone in finding military glory, as the defence ofRorke’s Driftreminds us. So now the painting commemorating it hangs at the top of the main staircase in St James Palace as a permanent tribute. To try and infer, however, that those lives were lost and that courage was shown all in the name of some abstract idea of “imperialism” is absurd. To suggest that Zulus fought as “anti-imperialists” is also plain wrong. These are modern concepts, earnestly discussed at length in universities and nowadays applied to instances where they just don’t fit. Because if we must all feel guilt and remorse over battles fought in far-off countries hundreds of years ago, where does it all end? Do we ban director Cy Endfield’s 1964 film, Zulu? That would be a shame because it is a British festive season perennial (on Amazon Prime at the moment) and stars Michael Caine and Stanley Baker with Richard Burton as narrator. What of them? Should we cancel the trio as racists? No one should feel guilt at enjoying a historical painting or a popular classicmoviere-telling of a famous battle as a Christmas indulgence. We all know Zulu’s director took a few liberties in his version of events but, unlike those poor confused souls who struggle to distinguish reality from fiction with ‘The Crown,’ we are not overly concerned at the factual inaccuracies and won’t be needing a disclaimer. It is entertainment. And, after all, that is what Lady Butler’s painting is too. Not a political statement promoting imperialist violence. It is a reminder of a battle involving improbable odds and tremendous bravery that followed an earlier encounter that had ended in a humiliating defeat. That label now sitting alongside ‘The Defence of Rorke’s Drift’ is a surrender those involved in the battle would be unable to comprehend. To have their bravery derided as colonialist violence is a bewildering and thoroughly modern insult. But while they are at it, those pursuing this illogical cultural revisionism by insisting that the painting be flagged up as “connected to colonialism and imperialism” might think about approaching the Zulus’ ancestors to redact all versions of their song celebrating their slaughter of British forces from history books in case it upsets schoolchildren. It would never happen, of course, because that’s not what all this is about. This is about forcing people and institutions, the Royal Household included, into accepting woke opinions and intractable thinking as the only acceptable version of events. The aftermath of the battle at Rorke’s Drift saw 11 men awarded the Victoria Cross. For self-righteous, entitled and privileged fools to be allowed to undermine that is a disgrace of which we should all be ashamed. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510147-queen-painting-zulu-rorke-drift/
"19 Dec, 2020"," Come get me if I m wrong : Proud Boys leader, wanted by FBI over possible HATE CRIME, admits to burning BLM sign, denies guilt","The leader of the Proud Boys has confessed to torching a blacklivesmatter banner at a Washington, DC church last weekend after the FBI opened a “hate crime” probe into the incident, but maintains he did nothing illegal. The chairman of the controversial group, Enrique Tarrio, admitted to the stunt in a post to Parler early on Friday morning, saying that while he did burn the BLM banner during a political rally last week,“there was no hate crime committed.” “Against the wishes of my attorney I am here today to admit that I am the person responsible for the burning of this sign,”Tarrio wrote, adding“I didn’t do it out of hate...I did it out of love,”and that the sign-burning“wasn’t about race, religion or political ideology,”but rather“a racist movement that has terrorized the citizens of this country.” The only hate there is in my heart is for communism and an authoritarian government. BLM is a Marxist movement. It isn’t about the color of someone’s skin...Come get me if you feel like what I did was wrong. Proud Boys Leader Enrique Tarrio is taking responsibility for the burnt BLM flag in Washington D.C. The FBI is investigating this as a hate crime. “The burning of this banner wasn’t about race, religion, or political ideology.”pic.twitter.com/N6DrpnObsi The mea culpa came after both local police and the FBI launched a hate crime investigation into the episode, offering $1,000 and $2,000 rewards, respectively, for information leading to an arrest,accordingto the Associated Press. In addition to the destroyed BLM banner, authorities also alleged damage was done to local churches. READ MORE: WATCH Proud Boys torching BLM banner amid violence-marred protest day in DC The incident took place during a rally in the nation’s capital last weekend in support of President Donald Trump. Footage of the sign-burning captured by RT’s video agency, Ruptly, showed one man dousing the banner with fuel to chants of“f**k Antifa!”and“USA!”from a rowdy crowd. A second BLM banner was also apparently pulled off another church and torched, though it’s unclear whether Torrio’s admission referred to both incidents. The Proud Boys and Trump supporters burn the BLM banner while chanting and cheering in downtown DC:pic.twitter.com/L16azBBhbr It would appear there was another incident as well.https://t.co/tZ4SVcGkb6 The MAGA rally saw brawls between supporters and opponents of the president later in the night, with police making several arrests and four people being rushed to the hospital in serious condition after they were reportedly stabbed in a bar fight. The establishment, Harry’s Bar, is a known hangout for Proud Boys members, and was the scene of one of Saturday’s sign burnings, according to journalist Ford Fischer. PHOTOS I captured last night: After looting a#BlackLivesMatterbanner from Asbury United Methodist Church, the Proud Boys pose with it before setting it on fire outside Harry Bar in Washington DC.pic.twitter.com/emyRW0YGqj ",https://www.rt.com/usa/510166-proud-boys-blm-hate-crime/
"18 Dec, 2020","‘Was Beethoven black?’ In any normal society, the answer would be no, but we no longer live in a normal society.","Beethoven was not black. But, because of the woke times we live in, the famous composer’s race is still hotly debated. What a way to mark his 250th birthday. Ludwig van Beethoven’s 250th birthday passed on Thursday, and the Centre for Fine Arts in Brusselscelebratedthe iconic composer’s in truly modern fashion: by exhibiting artist Terry Adkins’ 2004 work ‘Synapse’ – a video depicting Beethoven’s frumpy visage morphing into that of a young black man with dreadlocks. The video is part of Adkins’ ‘Black Beethoven’ series, and the transformation is supposed to reflect the artist’s“unwillingness to settle the debate on Beethoven’s race.” Hang on a minute – there’s a debate? Well, yes and no. Beethoven was not black. Born in Bonn, Germany, to Flemish parents in 1770, the composer was byallaccountsas white as the driven snow. However, one 1814 etching of Beethovendepictshim with a dark complexion, and rumors of a Moorish ancestor fueled speculation that if he wasn’t outright black, Beethoven may have been a bit less white than previously thought. The famous Berlin anthropologist, Rudolf Virchow 1821-1902, re, BEETHOVEN autopsy: ""THE POET OF SOUND HAD A MULATTO FACE...A LOWER JAW PECULIAR TO THE BLACK RACE."" Illustrierte Wiener Extrablatt 6.22.1888https://t.co/nwwqeJw1QPhttps://t.co/SmKF8apYIBpic.twitter.com/PNpve5VjdD By the time civil rights activists in the US caught wind of this, all subtlety went out the window.“Beethoven was as black as you and I,”campaigner Stokely Carmichael told a crowd in Seattle in the 1960s,“but they don’t tell us that.”Rolling Stone magazine even ran a story in 1969 declaring“Beethoven was black and proud!” pic.twitter.com/ll4Ral0CKh It was a rallying cry at a time when African Americans had just won their civil rights, and when racism was an ever-present force in the country. But it wasn’t grounded in reality. Half a century later, it’s becoming a fact. Nobody in their right mind would try to claim Duke Ellington or Louis Armstrong as white, and Barack Obama is still black, despite his distant Irish roots. So why are we doing the opposite? And why now? We canonized George Floyd this summer. As his gold-encrusted coffintouredAmerica like the reliquary of a saint, crackers everywhere took asymbolic kneeand renounced racism they didn’t know they held until the liberal commentariat told them they did. Our corporate masters pledged allegiance and dollars to blacklivesmatter (BLM), and government officials in the US temporarily suspended coronavirus lockdowns to allow marches and riots in Floyd’s honor. But even before that, we took a look through our history books and thought,“Gee, this could really use more black people.” Black model Jodie Turner-Smith wascastby the UK’s Channel 5 in October to play 16th-century Queen of England Anne Boleyn – a woman who was definitely white. Likewise, the BBC has cast a black Achilles, while American theatergoers have been treated to a black George Washington in ‘Hamilton’, and Brits to a black King Lear, among other posthumous recolorings. Did you know thatQueen Charlotteof England andJackie Onassiswere black? They may have looked white, but the woke crowd has decided to reinterpret the Jim Crow-era “one-drop rule” to claim them as such, and who are we to say otherwise? After all, in 2020 black is not a color. It’s a state of mind. Just ask Shaun ‘Talcum X’ King, Rachel ‘Trans-Black’ Dolezal, or any of the BLM activists whopretendedtobe blackto get ahead in the movement. Who knows? Maybe if Beethoven were alive today he’d be talking up his Moorish roots and penning sonatas for George Floyd. But he’s not, so that’s entirely the stuff of imagination – just like speculation about his race. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510143-beethoven-birthday-250-black/
"18 Dec, 2020",English clubs ESCAPE sanction after fans boo players taking a knee but FA warns of investigation if incidents repeated,"The English Football Association has announced it will not be taking disciplinary action against Millwall and Colchester after sections of the clubs’ support booed players taking a knee earlier this season. “We have conducted full and thorough investigations into the crowd-related incidents that took place at both The Den [Millwall] and JobServe Community Stadium [Colchester] on Saturday 5 December 2020,”an FA statementread on Friday. “Having carefully considered these matters, including the observations from all relevant parties, we can confirm that no formal disciplinary action will be taken against the clubs concerned on this occasion. “However, we would like to further clarify that anyone who chooses to take the knee will continue to receive our support as they highlight the inequality and injustice experienced by the Black community."" The statement added:“To be clear, we do not see taking the knee as a political symbol, and would contend that there can now be no doubt as to what the gesture means in a footballing context. Therefore, going forward, we will continue to monitor and investigate should similar crowd-related incidents occur. “We continue to support all players and clubs that wish to take a stand against any form of discrimination, and will always condemn the behaviors of anyone that chooses to actively oppose these values.” A section of the support at South London club Millwall booed the pre-match gesture during their Championship game against Derby County earlier in December, which was the first time since the Covid-19 lockdown that a limited number of fans had been allowed into the stadium to watch their team play. A number of Colchester fans were similarly heard jeering when players took the knee before their League Two game against Grimsby. That prompted Colchester owner Robbie Cowling to offer any fans booing the gesture a refund on their season tickets so that they would stay away from matches. Earlier this week, fellow League Two club Exeter City ejected a fan from their home stadium after jeering was heard when players took a knee before kick-off in their game against Harrogate Town. The Professional Footballers Association (PFA) has revealed that players in England“overwhelmingly support”continuing with the gesture, despite anger from some fans that it is inextricably linked with the blacklivesmatter movement – which has been accused of promoting radical left-wing political causes, as well as causing destruction during numerous protests in the summer. ""Players overwhelmingly support continuing this act of solidarity despite any adverse responses that may be received,""the PFAsaid. The move not to sanction Millwall and Colchester for their fans’ behavior was welcomed by some online, who said that throwing the book at the two clubs would have been a restriction of free speech and fans’ right to protest. Why was this even investigated?? People are allowed to boo something they don’t agree with and football shouldn’t mix with politics! Why should they, freedom of speech is still allowed , just Wow. If fans can’t even express their opinion about this subject then there is no point in the players doing it in the first place. It has to be voluntary from both players and supporters. Otherwise we are doing it because we have to. Not because we actually believe in a cause. Millwall fans later clapped as players from Queens Park Rangers took a knee before their Championship game at the Den, although home players opted to stand. The two teams also staged an equality protest prior to the match. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/510125-fa-no-action-fans-boo-knee/
"18 Dec, 2020","Liz Truss’s right-wing equality plan deserves a chance, because weak woke politicians have got the UK nowhere","The Conservative equalities minister has laid out her new approach for delivering equality, but it’s already been attacked by virtue-signalling lefties accusing her of whitewashing British history and implicit racism. Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney The UK is officially four nations, but it’s essentially two: the haves and the have-nots. In an effort to combat this schism, Liz Truss, Minister for Women and Equalities, delivered a controversial speech billed as the New Fight for Fairness. It was refreshing to see a politician so firmly nail her colours to the mast, making it clear that she’s shunning the left-wing hobby horses of “identity politics and loud lobby groups”. Truss’s upfront approach “will be founded firmly on Conservative values”, and that’s exactly what we need – not to subscribe to Conservative or progressive viewpoints, but for policies to be objectively presented for what they are. For too long, the British political scene has been arguing over the same small patch of grass. Since the days of Tony Blair, our timid politicians have battled over the inoffensive middle ground and attempted to claim it as a moral triumph over evil ideologies. We’ve traded prime ministers and governments, but our direction of travel has stayed firmly in the middle of the road. This has resulted in continued, unabated dancing around issues without ever calling a spade a spade. It’s about time someone said, “I’m a Conservative. I don’t agree with the left. And here is how I want to do it.” People have become too comfortable with labelling right-wing individuals racist, in the same way others disregard all those on the left as communists. The focus of what Truss sees as the true barrier to equality in the UK is the geographical divide. London and the South East of England is by far the most affluent and influential part of the country. That’s not to say everyone there is luxuriating in financial comfort, but, as a region, it far more prosperous than the North of England, parts of Wales and the central belt of Scotland. Truss isn’t aiming to reach groups via skin colour, ethnic origin or sexuality – her game is geography. She’s going to use a carpet-bomb approach to promoting equality, hitting entire areas of the country and including as many people as possible. She lamented how the equality debate is currently framed: “by those who believe people aredefinedby their protected characteristic … and not by their individual character.” Society is like a Matryoshka doll – our gender, roots, accent, race and religion split us into smaller and smaller communities. This is why most people agree with the aims of the blacklivesmatter (BLM) movement, but so many detest how it planned to achieve them. Some activists believe you have to segregate communities to strengthen them, before removing the artificial support and allowing everyone to regroup. Others, such as Truss, believe that is a fool’s errand. “I am calling time on ‘pink bus’ feminism, where women are left to fix sexism and campaign for childcare,” she said. “Rather than virtue signalling, or campaigning … this government is focused on delivering a fairer and more transparent society that works for all.” We all have our views on Truss’s initiative, and we can ultimately make them known at the ballot box. But what we can’t have is the prevailing game of pass the parcel and throwing scorn on anyone for not subscribing to what the woke desire and the timid middle are too scared to counter. There was a fair degree of publicity prior to Truss’s speech, along with a taster of the content. But before she had delivered it, both theBBCand theGuardianhad run pieces criticising her for “whitewashing British history” and revealing that, of the 250 trade advisors she has appointed, 95 percent have been white. But why should that matter? It’s disingenuous to lambast someone for not meeting some imagined target or ideal they’re not aiming for. It also sounds the racist dog-whistle, so the actual content of the speech was glossed over by many. The same happens in reverse, when anyone who mentions BLM is labeled a Marxist. Truss offered an insightful look at the government’s roadmap, saying: “The focus on protected characteristics has led to a narrowing of the equality debate that overlooks socio-economic status and geographic inequality.” Another part of its plan is to let everyone see the statistics behind the spin: “Techniques like unconscious-bias training, quotas and diversity statements … do nothing to make the workplace fundamentally fairer.” Finally, we have a grown-up in the room. Somebody comfortable enough in their own skin to shun the hallowed small patch of grass in the middle and pitch their tent to the right. There’s no guarantee it will work, but it seems a smarter approach than the way the issue has been handled over the past few decades. If geographical considerations had been addressed, would Brexit have been so toxic, or even have happened in the first place? If small-town England hadn’t been tossed aside, would we have had mass hysteria around Asian grooming gangs, when, in fact, newresearchshows the practice is mainly the preserve of white males? The racist mindset of ‘these bloody foreigners coming here and taking our jobs’ only exists thanks to decades of government neglect of areas outside the London bubble. Lots of the people feeling these sentiments aren’t worldly – they live a basic existence and don’t know how to express what has happened to their modest lifestyle, so they lash out and set off a chain reaction. Factories closing, rising drug abuse, poor educational standards and pitiful public transport systems have all amplified the torrent of frustration and bitterness beyond the South East. And that acidic concoction’s effects have then been repackaged into anti-blackness, hatred of gays and other forms of discrimination. It’s time to dispense with the snappy titles. Let’s fix Britain and give everyone something to be proud of. You might not vote Conservative nor want to self-identify as right-wing, but Liz Truss does. Her plan may not be a panacea, but the current approach has reduced us to a divided nation, nervously on edge for fear of offending anyone. Give Truss the space to level things up and get us all back on an even keel. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/510062-liz-truss-equality-plan-chance/
"18 Dec, 2020",God does play dice – physicist,"What is life? Despite the best efforts of scientists, this fundamental question is still a conundrum. Professor Paul Davies, physicist, astrobiologist, cosmologist and best-selling author has his own formula for tracing the answer. Follow@SophieCo_RT InstagramSophieco.visionaries Podcasthttps://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/sophieco-visionaries Sophie Shevardnadze:Professor Paul Davies, physicist, astrobiologist, cosmologist, best-selling author, really great to have you with us today. So much to talk about, especially information because I m a journalist and I work with information a lot. Now you re interested in this concept of organised information. For me as a journalist, information is more abstract of a concept than mathematicians think of it as like bits and binary codes and stuff. Without making it too complicated for my audiences, сan you explain, what is information in physics? Paul Davies:Right, you re correct that we use that word in daily life and we have a sort of rough and ready idea of what information means. The best definition is that it reduces uncertainty. So for example, if you re going to go in Moscow, to the metro, and you just go random, you might wait, I don t know, 10 minutes or something for a train to come along. But if you have a timetable, it reduces your uncertainty as to when the train will arrive. And that definition actually can be made very mathematically precise. About 70 years ago, what we now call ‘information theory’ was based on that notion of reduction in uncertainty. I’ll give another simple example: you toss a coin, did it come down heads or tails? I don t know if you use that expression in Russia, but one side or the other. And you don t know. But when you look , you get the definite information, you acquire one bit of information. So that the technical definition. And so in using that we can apply it to biology, to the nature of life. And it was recognised a long time ago, when the famous double helix of the structure of DNA was worked out. The DNA stores the genetic information, it the blueprint, if you like, of what makes you you and me – me. And that information has to be stored and processed, and read out, and managed, and manipulated. And so we all recognise that part of what makes living systems so important is that they can pass on or express that information and pass it from one generation to the next, while they express it by the DNA, making proteins or carrying out certain functions. So that the basic idea about how all that came to exist in the first place, is still a very big mystery. SS:All right, so treating information as if it, not matter, was the stuff out of which the world is built, is one of the avenues in thought that you re pursuing, right? So what do you get as a scientist when you treat information this way? What kind of new understanding about the universe can you find if you accept hypothetically that information is the primal building block of our world? PD:You ve raised a very interesting issue that we understand that as a practical matter, information is critical to the operation of biological systems. And there a whole field called ‘bioinformatics’. And now you all know about gene editing, that we can treat DNA like the code book of life, and you can get in there and you can actually edit it and change some of the letters and some of the meaning and you can create your own life form. So this is current technology. So we all understand that. But you ve asked a deeper question about whether somehow, information is the primary stuff out of which the universe is built. And the American physicist John Wheeler, who coined the term “black hole,” he was a great advocate of this idea that at the bottom of what we might call ‘the great chain of being’ is information, not matter. We think of atoms or electrons or something, we normally think they are the primary stuff, but he said, “No-no, information is the primary stuff, matter is simply a manifestation of various states of information.” And so he coined a wonderful term – “it from bit.” “It” might be an atom and the “bit” is the bit of information. And he felt that information is a primary source. Now that still a minority view. But a number of my colleagues feel, “Yes, the universe is really a vast information processing network,” that  that is the ultimate reality. This thing we call “matter,” you can kick it, you can touch it, it seems solid, but that’s illusory. Deep down is all about information. SS:So, regarding that question of matter, there an equation of yours that I came across: Life=Matter+Information. So that means Information=Life–Matter, right? Can information be interpreted as ‘soul’ out of this equation? PD:Well, ‘soul’ is a loaded term, of course, and it comes from a religious view of the world. So most scientists wouldn’t talk about soul as a separate thing, some fluffy thing that floats around alongside matter. But if by that, by the word ‘soul’, I would rather use the word ‘mind’, we think, how does the brain work? How do we have consciousness? So we ve got this rather abstract thing called the ‘mind’, we have consciousness and we don t think of it as a substance, at least I don’t. But somehow, there a matter story to tell, we have the brain, we have circuits in the brain, we  talk about electrons and signals going around in the brain. And then we ve got this extraordinary phenomenon, called ‘consciousness’ and the two of them have to be fitted together. Now, I don t think we ve done that yet. But I suppose your question is leading me in the direction to say, well, if information is primary, maybe we should think of mind as being primary and matter as being secondary. I m carrying this a little bit far but that idea goes back into ancient history. It called ‘idealism’. It goes back to ancient Greek philosophy that ultimately the world is built out of, as it were mind stuff, rather than matter stuff. That a big stretch for modern physicists to go. But like many of these ancient ideas, there’s often a grain of truth in it. I think we re circling back to some of that ancient thinking. SS:But I still want to like ponder on that a little bit because you talk in your recent book  how it works in cells and atoms, but how can information be on the same level as matter? I mean, doesn t information only exist when there is something or someone to read it? Isn t information basically confined to the eye of the beholder? PD:Yes. You re absolutely right. And one of the founders of this whole fascinating area of information theory, in physics, Rolf Landauer, he famously said, ‘information is physical’. What he meant by that is that it doesn t sort of float free in the ether, it always tied to matter. So, for example, I mentioned DNA, the position of nucleotides in DNA encodes the information in a biological organism. In a computer, it will be, you know, 1s and 0s stored in the hard drive or something like that. There always a physical medium. But the same is true of energy. We talk about energy in an abstract sense, there more of it or less of it, energy can be converted from one form to another and passed on between different systems. And the energy itself doesn t go away, make it spread out a bit . It always somewhere in a physical system. But in a sense, it has a life of its own. So information is a bit like that. We can talk about it as if it has an independent existence and we do all the time. After all, Silicon Valley, in the United States, makes billions and billions of dollars by selling and manipulating information. And so, you know, it must, in some sense, be real. But it always got to be instantiated in matter somehow, somewhere. But that doesn t mean that it can still be a primary concept. So information and matter go hand in hand, there no doubt about it. SS:If we re assuming that information is the primal thing or at least as primal as the matter, assuming that information is the foundation of the universe, isn t it kind of like saying that map of a town is the town? PD:Yes. When does the map become the territory? If it a 1:1 map, mathematicians will tell you then that the map is the territory. And I think what we re discussing here, and maybe we re hung up on this point, it a little bit like the dichotomy between hardware and software in computing. We understand that a computer will only work if it loaded with the appropriate software. And I often draw the analogy here with life. Life seems to me like magic but so does this computer. I m talking to you on this computer. It looks like it magic. How does it work? Well, if you went to a computer science department, and you went in and they pulled the back off, and they said, ‘well, if you look in here, there silicon here and there bits of copper and some other components and plastic’, and we re not completely sure how, how it all goes together but we re beginning to understand that what you’ve known that that was wrong, that you have to go to a computing department and they ll tell you all about the software, all about the code that been written and uploaded into the machine and so on, you need both. But the software can t run without the hardware. But the computer is more than the hardware. And so you can argue, well, does the software have independent existence? Well, sure, in a sense, it does. Because I can copy it, I can put it on a memory stick, I can send it down an optical fiber, it still there, it like a pattern. So like patterns, you know, patterns exist in nature, but they always exist in something. They re instantiated in something. And so I think that really what we re dealing with here. When it comes to biology, we have to go beyond just saying, well, there a path, because we know that information has a more active or supervisory role in living things. So just think of the development of the embryo. It not just a matter of information being read out. Everything has to be done – choreography has to be done in great detail. It like a Bolshoi ballet unfolding, in the development of the embryo. So there more to it than just counting bits of information. And I don t think we understand that more. There are laws that operate in living matter, involving information that we’re only glimpsing, we haven t yet completely worked them out. There new physics in living better, I believe. So did Erwin Schroedinger, who started thinking about this way back in the 1940s. SS:Paul, how is information connected to life in your eyes? I mean, I heard you say that living beings are information processing systems. This could sound too simple, but if we can for a moment accept that, is this what we are for – to process information, kind of like what we make computers for? PD:Well, some cynics will say, yes, that your body is just a vehicle for mapping one lot of information into another lot of information. And so that one way of looking at it. Stopped from havingto think about the nature of information in biology, so we ve discussed already the example everybody knows, which is the information in DNA, which is copied, passed on to the next generation, it expressed in the development of the embryo in a very complicated way. But it doesn t stop there because a cell – we all know we have genes and these genes can be switched on or off. But they don t act in isolation, they form complex networks, and information swirls around these networks. You can map it, people do. Biologists figure out what genes switch others on and they draw these network diagrams, like wiring diagrams in computation. And so there a lot of information processing in those networks, and then cells signal each other, they are signaling molecules that send information from one to the other. There great information processing system up here, between our ears. Everybody knows about that. And it doesn t stop, it goes right up that through ecosystems, right up to a planetary scale. And I think we re all these days obsessed by viruses and COVID-19. But you know, viruses are a central part of the planetary system, the planetary ecosystem, viruses get everywhere, they re like mobile, genetic elements or little bits of information that are passed around, and are essential for the health of the planet. And so I like to say that the planetary ecosystem, that life is the original World Wide Web. It a web of information that extends to a planetary scale. So it everywhere in life. But we understand only the bottom level of this information. I m sure there are laws, I don t think these are miracles. I don t believe in anything like that. But I think we don t yet fully have that physics worked out. So that the next great frontier. We have any young people, and I hope we do, watching us today, listening to this conversation that I would say, if I was going to make a career in science again, be  that intersection of physics and chemistry, and information theory, and biology, and computing. That where the big discoveries will be made in the coming decades. SS:So in one interview, you described life as a complexity that cannot be achieved through fixed rules. And there a famous quote by Einstein, ‘God doesn t play dice’, meaning that there got to be underlying laws for what seems random at the moment. Are you actually saying that God indeed plays dice if the rules of nature are not fixed, but flexible? PD:Well, using Einstein language, I am indeed saying, God does play dice. He was very much in a minority at the time. And experiments in foundations of quantum mechanics over the last few decades have really left no doubt that nature is intrinsically uncertain or indeterministic. So what Einstein meant by ‘God does not play dice’, he recognised that at the atomic level, things look sort of pretty random and chancy, but he thought that beneath that was a hidden layer of deterministic order, where everything that happened, happened for a very particular reason, that in principle, you could predict exactly what an atom would do, if you had that level of detail. We now know that that is not correct, that experiments have refuted that. So there is something intrinsically, indeterministic or chancy or open, if you like, it’s the term I’ve used, about systems on the atomic and molecular level. So quantum physics introduces that, absolutely, and quantum physics is essential to understanding life. But how these things fit together, how the uncertainty of quantum mechanics might fit together with the information processing that living organisms can carry out at a somewhat higher level, we don t know. But this is an area of active research at the moment. And so somewhere in that mix is the secret of life. And I come back to Erwin Schroedinger, one of the founders of quantum mechanics, who, in 1943, in Dublin, Ireland, gave his famous lectures with the title ‘What Is Life?’ and then wrote a book about that. And he recognised that quantum mechanics was essential for understanding the stability of the information content of cells. But he also left open the idea that there may be a new kind of physical law, operating in living matter. He didn t say what and he wasn t definite about it, but he was open to that idea. I think he was right. I think it is a new kind of physical law operating in living matter. It doesn t contradict the underlying laws, that for sure, but it transcends, it’s in addition to them, because living systems are open systems. You can have both. SS:One of your biggest ambitions, as far as I understand, is to find extraterrestrial life. And you say one of the reasons why we still haven t found it is because we don t really know how life on Earth first started. How is knowing how life on Earth started going to affect our research on alien life? PD:Well, when I was a student, that was a long time ago, I’m a lot older than you, I was a passionate believer in life beyond Earth, and everybody told that it was crazy looking for aliens, people said that you might as well look for fairies, it obvious that life is so complex, that it can surely have happened only once, the idea being that there was some sort of amazing chain of chemical reactions, leading to this very extraordinary, improbable thing we call life on Earth. But during my career, the pendulum has swung the other way. And now, many, many scientists say, ‘Oh, the universe is teeming with life, wherever you have Earth-like planets, it is a good chance life would emerge. But the truth is we absolutely don t know because the big step is how do you go from non-life to life? Is that something that is going to happen fairly easily, inevitably? Wait a few million years and it will happen? Or is it the case that it like a freak, a sequence of chemical reactions, which put together are extremely improbable and may happen only once in the universe? And we don t know how to answer that because nobody made life in the lab. We re a long way from understanding how chemistry turns into life, how the molecules organise themselves into something, even a primitive living thing. The gulf is huge between a mishmash of chemicals and even the simplest living thing. So we don t know, we don t know what numbers to put in there. And so if we don t know that number, we can t estimate how many inhabited planets are. We know that in the Milky Way galaxy, there are billions probably of Earth-like planets, of which life, as we know, it could emerge, at least if we took it there, it could survive. So we know there are plenty of candidates. But we don t know the chances that on those planets, chemical mixtures will turn into life. It could be that such an improbable thing, such amazing unlikely step, that it won t have happened anywhere else in the galaxy. Or it could be that if I m right about these deep principles in operating and living matter, there are laws of life in living matter, but if we knew those laws of life, we might be able to say, ‘Oh, yes, those laws will operate to turn chemistry into life with 50% probability or 30% probability’, then we can put a number to it. At the moment, we don t have those laws, and we have no evidence whatever for life beyond Earth. So this is complete speculation, your beliefs, my beliefs are as good as each other’. SS:So if we connect life to information in a meaningful way, does that mean that alien life could just be some form of information that is not related to having cells or certain chemical elements? Like could it be, as Douglas Adams suggested, ‘a particular shade of blue’, for instance? PD:It’s a very good question and it goes to the heart of what we re trying to achieve in our research in the Arizona State University because everybody knows it’s a field of astrobiology, it means, going to look for life beyond Earth. But of course, you have to know what to look for. And we know what terrestrial life is like. But what we would like really is to have some sort of more general definition of what is life. And that definition, in my view, is based on the software, not the hardware, it doesn’t matter the stuff of which a living organism is made, it the way that information is organised and processed. So if it the case, that life, if we can define life as a particular type of information or pattern or organisation, it organised information, not as any organization… but let’s give it a very specific definition, it has to be organised in a certain way. Then, for my money, we would go look for that informational signature, the software signature, if you like, instead of the hardware signature. So instead of concentrating on does this or that planet have the right sort of molecules, we will be more thinking about does it have the right conditions to allow information processing to take place in the manner that we think represents life. This is all wishful thinking at the moment, we don t have a fully worked out definition of life, which is independent of the stuff of which it’s made. But at the end of the day, that what it will be about. If life beyond Earth exists it won t be a replica of our life. There will be some common principles and those principles, I think, are software rather than hardware. Just like you have different makes of computers and they re all made of, you know, with silicon chips or germanium or something and plastic and copper wires, they re all made of the same sort of stuff, but what gives individual computers a distinctive brand is the software and that software, just like the hardware has some deep principles, it all flows from certain basic ideas of coding, and so forth. The same is true of life, I m sure. SS:Well, Paul, it was such a pleasure talking to you, a true delight. And I hope we get to do this again because the subject is endless and there so many unanswered questions still. Thanks a lot for this chat and good luck with everything. Stay safe. PD:Thank you. I really enjoyed talking to you and I hope we can talk again. SS:Thank you. Absolutely. Bye! ",https://www.rt.com/shows/sophieco-visionaries/510041-paul-davies-life-definition/
"17 Dec, 2020","Shift away from ‘fashionable’ race & gender issues, UK equalities minister suggests – gets HAMMERED by liberal press","Equalities Minister Liz Truss has condemned the woke left’s focus on “fashionable” issues of race and gender, and called on the government to fight poverty instead. The liberal press, however, hounded Truss for her heresy. Speaking at the Centre for Policy Studies think tank on Thursday, Truss declared that the debate in the UK over discrimination should not focus on“fashionable”issues of race, gender and sexual orientation. Instead, she said the government would focus on the“real concerns”of poverty, class division and income inequality between the north and south of the UK. ""To make our society more equal, we need the equality debate to be led by facts, not by fashion,”she said, calling racial and gender quotas, targets and bias training“tools of the left,”the Daily Mailreported. I’ve read that Liz Truss speech and she’s right. Inequality is a disgrace and whoever has been in charge for the last decade should be ashamed of themselves. The 2010 Equality Act created nine protected groups based on age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation. Since then, successive British governments have focused on these groups in attempting to create a more equal society. Truss wants this approach put on the back shelf, and on Thursdayannouncedthe Equality Data Programme, a large-scale study that aims to map inequalities based on geographic and class divisions, in what the government calls“a new approach to tackling inequality in the UK.” The apparent shift in priorities comes two days after the governmentscrappedmandatory“unconscious bias training”for civil servants, after a study carried out by Truss’ office found no evidence to suggest this training works. In announcing the decision, Cabinet Office Minister Julia Lopez stated bias training“may not only activate and reinforce unhelpful stereotypes, [it] may provoke negative reactions and actually make people exacerbate their biases.” In the US, President Donald Trump recently banned the teaching of“critical race theory”– whose practitioners coined such terms as ‘white privilege’ and ‘institutional racism’ – in federal agencies, calling it“divisive, anti-American propaganda”that tells white people that they“benefit from racism.” Like Trump, Truss was hammered by the mainstream press for her apparent crackdown on wokeness in government. As she delivered her speech to the Centre for Policy Studies, the Timesreportedthat the Department for International Trade, which she runs, has“the second-worst gender pay gap”in the civil service, with women there earning an average of 15.9 percent less than their male colleagues. A department spokesman put the difference down to“the overall distribution of women across [pay] grades.” The Guardian, meanwhile, published anarticleaccusing Truss of picking too many“white, male trade advisers.”The article also heavily featured a black activist who accused Truss and the Conservative government of embarking on“a clear trajectory that seeks to downplay the reality of persistent race inequality.” Oh man...https://t.co/UNugAGgMqH The Labour Party’s shadow women and equalities secretary, Marsha de Cordova,calledTruss’ remarks a“gratuitous provocation”that dismissed“the devastating impact of discrimination and unfairness in peoples’ day to day lives.” So the Equalities minister thinks there’s too much focus on...equality... and *protected* characteristics...Maybe consider that “poverty and geographical disparities” are actually a result of race, gender, sexuality & class ie systemic bias#LizTrusshttps://t.co/SgcbGgZ544 Liz Truss attempt to separate class from race is divisive garbage. We need to create a fairer society for everyone - but this means recognising that the barriers faced by Black, Asian and other minority ethnic people are facts not fashion .#BlackLivesMatter The activist quoted by the Guardian, Simon Wooley, said Truss’ changes were coming at the wrong time, given the“historic moment when we could make the most fundamental positive change in regards to race equality ever seen.”Indeed, racial issues dominated the news globally in the latter half of 2020, following the death of George Floyd in the US. Surprisingly for the mainstream media, the public may be on Truss’ side. Apolllast month found that more than half of UK adults believe that the ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ movement“increased racial tension.” ",https://www.rt.com/uk/510002-truss-race-gender-equality-fashionable/
"17 Dec, 2020",Seattle politician who defunded police calls cops after being targeted in attack that could be decriminalized by her own proposal,"A Seattle councilwoman who voted to slash the city’s police budget called the cops after her home was attacked, local media reported. Ironically, the culprit could avoid charges under a plan introduced by the politician. Councilwoman Lisa Herbold phoned 911 on Friday after an unidentified man threw a rock through a window of her West Seattle home,accordingto local outlet My Northwest. A neighbor who witnessed the attack said the culprit was an“unathletic”white male who was wearing a black hoodie and jeans. Unfortunately for Herbold, if the perpetrator is eventually identified he could potentially be let go if the city adopts the councilwoman’s own criminal code reforms. Herbold is currently co-sponsoring a proposal that would make Seattle the first municipality in the US to excuse misdemeanor crimes if they are linked to poverty or addiction, or if the suspect suffers from “symptoms of a behavioral health disorder.” According to Washington state law, a“mental disorder”can be caused by“emotional impairment”which affects a person’s“cognitive or volitional function.”My Northwest noted that anyone who claims to have suffered from an anxiety attack could be given leniency under Herbold’s proposal. Herbold previously defended the reforms as a way to reflect Seattle’s“values.” “It’s giving people an opportunity to tell their stories and giving judges and juries the opportunity to hear those stories and make a decision based on the values of our city,”Herbold told the City Council Public Safety Committee on Tuesday. However, when contacted by Fox News, she said that her proposal had been mischaracterized by media and insisted that there are“no crimes that I am ‘effectively pushing to make legal.’” Whatever her intentions, Herbold has been a vocal supporter of initiatives to reimagine how Seattle maintains law and order. In September, she and other City Council members voted to override Mayor Jenny Durkan’s veto of budget adjustments that cut the city’s police department funding by $3 million. In a statement from last month, Herbold said the council was pursuing a“new approach towards public safety, an approach that does not assume that more officers means more safety.” Seattle is one of many cities across the United States which saw efforts to strip police departments of resources following the killing of George Floyd at the hands of Minneapolis Police in May. In July, the city reported a 525 percent spike in crime, reportedly due to the lawless and short-lived“autonomous zone”established by anti-police protesters. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509947-seattle-councilwoman-defund-police-calls-cops/
"16 Dec, 2020",‘Madness’: Fan thrown out of match and football club chief vows to ban people who boo players taking a knee for blacklivesmatter ,"The escalating row over players taking the knee for blacklivesmatter (BLM) in the UK has stooped to another low after a fan was thrown out for booing during the gesture, while a CEO has pledged to identify and target dissenters. League Two side Exeter ejected a fan from their home stadium after booing was heard when players took a knee before kick-off ahead of a match on Tuesday, warning that they would take ""appropriate action"" in the most high-profile example to date of a fan being punished for opposing the pre-match gesture. Jeers also rang out when Colchester, whose chairman offered fans who did not agree with kneeling a refund on their season tickets last week, played at Cambridge Abbey Stadium, infuriating the hosts chief executive, Ian Mather. ""There are terms of entry into the Abbey Stadium, as with any other stadium,""Mather toldSky Sports Newsafter the match, describing himself as ""angry"" and ""incredibly frustrated"".""We can determine what behaviour acceptable and not. ""Identifying them is actually quite easy. Somebody actually sent me a direct message on Twitter last night explaining his views, and others have been identified in other seats. So finding them is actually not very hard."" Cambridge coach Mark Bonner echoed Mather views by calling the scenes ""unacceptable."" ""I m disgusted, to be honest,""he said after his side 2-1 win.""It shines a light on our club for all the wrong reasons. Just the start. When crowds increase this will happen everywhere.Link arms against racism. It’s not a racist thing it’s a BLM thing, that people don’t agree with. FA has kick it out, if players kneeled for “Kick it out”no one would be bothered. It should also be a choice to knee or not, The FA need to distance them selfs from BLM in my opinion. Detest racism in every form but this isn t actually going to do anything against racism. I dont get what it meant to achieve. ""What was a really good game for us on the pitch was overshadowed by a really small minority who decided to boo in a moment when we re reflecting the values that everyone at our club believes in. ""What was most encouraging is the vast majority drowned them out quite quickly with applause and reflected the values of our club much better. ""We work incredibly hard in the community and there massive work that goes on to highlight all these issues. Good, they need to stop this madness. Politics and Sports don t mix, only went on this long because fans have not been able to attend. Good. Doing it once was enough, doing it every single match is ridiculous. Keep politics, BLM on this occasion, out of sport! ""We ve clearly got some work to do because some people have embarrassed our club and embarrassed themselves, to be honest."" Many fans clearly did not agree with that viewpoint.""Good,""said one, responding to the show of disapproval by the supporters. ""[Kneeling] once was enough - doing it every single match is ridiculous. Keep politics - BLM on this occasion - out of sport."" Another warned:""Politics and sports don t mix. It only went on this long because fans have not been able to attend."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/509834-booing-blm-cambridge-colchester-exeter/
"16 Dec, 2020",‘He’s not racist at all’: Football peacemaker claims chat has ended Champions League racism row – but player issues cryptic reply,"Ex-Senegal star Ousmane N Doye is said to have claimed that an official accused of racism during a Champions League match has made up with Demba Ba, causing the striker at the center of the row to say the report is not ""reliable"". The incident, which halted the game between Istanbul Basaksehir and Paris Saint-Germain for 24 hours, occurred after both teams had spent just 14 minutes on the field in the French capital last week. Fourth official Sebastian Coltescu was accused of referring to Basaksehir assistant coach Pierre Webo as ""the black guy"" while identifying him so that he could be sanctioned for misbehavior on the bench, causing an uproar among the players, who left the field in protest after deeming the incident racist. Ba was at the heart of the players complaints, remonstrating with the official while saying: “You never say, ‘This white guy,’ but say, ‘This guy.’ So why, when you point to a black guy, do you have to say ‘This black guy?’” BREAKING: Demba Ba called Sebastian Coltescu after the incident in Paris! Former Senegal midfielder Ousmane N Doye put them in touch! According to N Doye, Demba ""never said it was racism. He just thought Coltescu shouldn t use the word black on a stadium. Coltescu understood"".pic.twitter.com/HjDpRdL9dN Basically what was said was racist in that context. But it was not intentional. It good that they got to talk. It is how it should always end. Chance to talk and fully understand each other. It became racist because of the history behind it. Coltescu had the wrong reaction in the moment but at the he did what needed to be done. When you think about, there little black people in Romania. How would he know. Racism in Romania is toward another group. Former Senegal international Ousmane N Doye, who played in Romania between 2011 and 2018, has reportedly taken up the role of mediator and attempted to reconcile the two sides. N Doye wasquotedas saying that he had contacted Coltescu and Demba to set up a conversation between them, which he said lasted for a half an hour and ended on a positive note. “I found out Coltescu number and I told him I was withhim,"" the ex-midfielder revealed. ""I know he not racist at all. It was a misunderstanding. I talked to Demba Ba, he my very good friend. I provided the assist for his first goal with the national team. “I explained to him and he understood very well. I gave Sebi his number and I told him to call him to talk. They talked and they got along very well. “They both called me back and told me they were very happy. Demba told me that Sebi is a very good man, as did Coltescu about Demba. The two got along. “I ve never seen racism in Romania – people were shocked when they found out what I said about Romania. It my country. “I explained that to Demba. He said that he had not heard anything bad from Coltescu but believed that the word black should not be used in the stadium. I’m glad it looks like the issue has been resolved, and hopefully this official will not be stigmatised as a racist in the future It’s a bit sad that we live in a world today where as soon as the ‘b’ word is used, it’s instantly branded as being racist. Personally I don’t think this was a racist remark, but can understand why it was interpreted as such. I sympathise with the 4th official for sure Just goes to show a bit of dialogue and understanding goes a long way. Well done to all involved. ""He did not say it was racism. He said that you can t use that word in the stadium, and Sebi understood that.” Responding to an account of the quotes that concluded ""all well that ends well"", Ba seemed to undermine the story by tweeting:""Make sure your sources are reliable before writing."" Romanian football expert Emanuel Rosu suggested that N Doye would be ""a good guy to hear out"" if the row ever was to go before a trial. Others sympathized with Coltescu.""It’s a bit sad that we live in a world today where as soon as the ‘b’ word is used, it’s instantly branded as being racist,""said one football fan. ""Personally, I don’t think it was a racist remark, but I can understand why it was interpreted as such. ""I’m glad it looks like the issue has been resolved, and hopefully this official will not be stigmatized as a racist in the future."" Another concluded:""Basically, what was said was racist in that context. But it was not intentional. ""It good that they got to talk. This is how it should always end: a chance to talk and fully understand each other."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/509836-demba-ba-coltescu-racism/
"16 Dec, 2020",Mandatory unconscious bias training has been ditched by UK government as experts say it makes people MORE prejudiced,"The woke brigade have suffered a setback on their long march through our institutions, as compulsory civil service courses in this identitarian drivel are axed after a study revealed they can reinforce ‘unhelpful stereotypes’. Good news is rare these days but we can all take heart from the government’s move to scrap all that unconscious bias training across the civil service on very simple grounds: it doesn’t work. In fact, according to a Behavioural Insights Team study commissioned by the Government Equalities Office, it can actually make people’s prejudices even worse. Think of the damage this needless training may have caused to those poor Whitehall workers. AsCabinet Office Minister Julia Lopezpointed out when announcing an end to the mandatory courses,“Instructions to suppress stereotypes may not only activate and reinforce unhelpful stereotypes, they may provoke negative reactions and actually make people exacerbate their biases.” Nobody knows how many well-adjusted, prejudice-free civil servants suffered ill effects as a result of undertaking the training. In go perfectly normal Kevin and Sarah from the accounts team, out come two bigots shouting about a race war. While finally ditching this drivel would seem a victory for common sense, all those personal development organisations with their life coaches and business trainers who thrive on fat, juicy government contracts to roll out this nonsense will be devastated. In the last five years, around 170,000 staff have taken part in sessions that have cost the taxpayer more than £370,000. Thank heavens they have come to their senses before spending another pound! The idea that people are chock full of prejudices of which they are not even aware but that influence their way of thinking and unfairly impact on decisions in the workplace is just the sort of high-minded guff that the identity police love to puzzle over in the neverending quest for a way to make everyone think exactly the same as they do. While those who sell this self-righteous nonsense hold that unconscious bias training is supposed to tackle a wide range of innate prejudices not just on race, it has really made its name as the go-to woke antidote for racism, particularly in light of the surge in ‘awareness’ following the blacklivesmatter movement. But in the civil service, it’s not a new phenomenon. Managers have been forced to endure a “race awareness programme” since 2015. However, the rise of BLM was responsible for the voluntary training offered to MPs earlier this year by the Commons, but only a handful of Lib Dems and SNP virtue signallers took up the offer. Others, like Conservative Ben Bradley gave it a wide berth and he was delighted the training has been binned, tweeting,“Sizeable step on the road back to common sense. Training built on the premise we re all internally and eternally racist was hardly ever likely to unify; only to divide. Based on no science or evidence, studies have shown negative consequences. Good riddance.” Sizeable step on the road back to common sense. Training built on the premise we re all internally & eternally racist was hardly ever likely to unify; only to divide. Based on no science or evidence, studies have shown negative consequences. Good riddance.https://t.co/OBkuEL27WC One question about Tuesday’s announcement is why did the decision to ditch this rubbish take so long? TheEquality and Human Rights Commissionflagged up the“potential for back-firing effects”of unconscious bias training back in 2018. It is from the EHRC’s analysis at the time that Ms. Lopez took her comment on the danger of reinforcing unhelpful stereotypes so the powers-that-be were paying attention but chose to sit on their hands and do nothing about it at the time, spending taxpayers’ money while perfectly aware that it was a waste. Well now the decision has been made. Unconscious bias training is no longer on the agenda and civil servants with all their personal prejudices and peccadilloes are free to think whatever they want once more. Until the next bright idea comes along, that is. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/509781-unconscious-bias-training-uk-government/
"16 Dec, 2020",‘He didn t show that blacklivesmatter ed to him’: San Francisco may remove Lincoln name from school over his minority policies,"President Abraham Lincoln has failed to pass the virtue test of San Francisco school board – having been found lacking in concern for blacks and American Indians – so the high school bearing his name expected to be rechristened. “Lincoln, like the presidents before him and most after, did not show through policy or rhetoric that black lives ever mattered to them outside of human capital and as casualties of wealth building,”Jeremiah Jeffries, the first-grade teacher who chairs the school board renaming committee,toldthe San Francisco Chronicle. However, it is Honest Abe’s Indian policies which have become a disqualifying fault in the eye of the panel. That notion has apparently overshadowed all other accomplishments that Lincoln is lauded for, such as preserving the union after it was ripped apart, largely by a row over slavery. Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, gave the Gettysburg Address and fought to push through the 13th Amendment, abolishing slavery. He enabled blacks to enlist in the Union military and lost his life when he was assassinated by a staunch supporter of slavery and the Confederacy. Ending black slavery throughout America was not a sufficient demonstration? Should Lincoln also have put on a mask and looted some stores?https://t.co/7znrJr5Sal None of that was considered sufficiently woke for a 19th century president to keep his name on Lincoln High School, however, especially when factoring in his sins against the American Indians, including removal of the Navajo and Mescalero Apache tribes from New Mexico territory. Lincoln is far from alone in losing his place of honor in San Francisco. Among the others on thechopping blockare: President George Washington, condemned as a slave owner and colonizer; President Theodore Roosevelt, who opposed suffrage for blacks; President Franklin Roosevelt, who interned Japanese Americans during World War II and declined to support an anti-lynching bill; and inventor Thomas Edison, who electrocuted animals. Even US Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-San Francisco) lost her place of honor as the namesake for an elementary school. Among other alleged sins, Feinstein allowed a Confederate flag to fly at city hall when she was San Francisco mayor. James Russell Lowell, whose name adorns a high school, failed to survive the purge, even though he was an abolitionist. The committee determined that his commitment to the anti-slavery cause“wavered over the years.”It little surprise, then, that slave owners, such as President Thomas Jefferson, President James Madison and national anthem writer Francis Scott Key, were canceled by the renaming panel. The renaming push comes amid a left-wing assault on history that has toppled statues ranging from Confederate generals to founding fathers to aniconic elkthat had stood in downtown Portland for 120 years. San Francisco school board voted last year to cover up 1930s murals at George Washington High School because they depicted slaves and a dead Native American man. Jeffries committee is expected to formally recommend the renaming of 44 school buildings in January after taking in suggestions for new names this month. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509791-sanfran-renames-schools-lincoln/
"15 Dec, 2020","Los Angeles new Soros-funded prosecutor pushes for easier punishment over brutal double murder of Russian snowboarder, policeman","LA district attorney George Gascon, elected last month with funding from George Soros, is reportedly revising sentencing to ensure the alleged killer of a Russian snowboarder and a sheriff deputy may get out of prison someday. The new Los Angeles County district attorney, who had already ruled out the death penalty when he took office last week, will ban prosecutors in his office from seeking a sentence of life in prison without parole, according to a report byFox 11 Los Angeles. Life without parole was previously sought in cases involving special circumstances and punishment enhancements, such as suspects who are convicted of murdering multiple people. One high-profile beneficiary of the rule change is Rhett Nelson, who stands accused of murdering Russian snowboarding medalist Dmitry Koltsov after a verbal altercation in June 2019. About an hour after shooting the 31-year-old Koltsov and leaving him to die on the sidewalk, Nelson allegedly shot Deputy Sheriff Joseph Gilbert Solano in the back of the head while Solano was waiting in the drive-thru lane at an Alhambra fast-food restaurant. In addition to the two murders, Nelson allegedly robbed a filling station and may have been involved in five additional robberies that same day. Koltsov, a member of Russia national snowboarding team, won a silver medal in the Swiss Open Halfpipe Championship in 2012 and a bronze in the Russian Halfpipe Cup Final that same year. He also took bronze in the big-air discipline at the Russian championship in 2010. ""I don t want to believe this loss,""seven-time Russian snowboarding championAlyona Alekhinatold Zvezda TV.""It impossible to realize and accept – a monstrous accident. Anyone could have been in his place."" At the time, it was reported that Nelson could face the death penalty. The murdered deputy sister, Christina Solano, was shocked by Gascon decision to give Nelson a chance at parole someday, if he convicted. ""We are the victims here, my brother is a victim, not this person that shot him,""Solano told Fox 11.""I don t understand what his purpose is to let these murderers out of jail. I don t get it . . . . He like the devil."" She added that Gascon decided to reduce the potential sentence for Nelson without consulting her, saying ""It disgusting, and he disgusting."" Deputy Solano’s sister tells me re: Gascon:“He’s like the devil, I don’t understand it. He should be there for the families. We are the victims here, my brother is a victim, not this person that shot him! It’s disgusting, and he’s disgusting. Full, emotional intvw 10pm@FOXLApic.twitter.com/AwZslV3gD5 A spokesman for Gascon office told Fox 11 that California parole board could release Nelson decades from now if members determine that he been rehabilitated. Such a decision would reflect the criminal justice system and the public deciding that Nelson no longer poses a threat to society and it not beneficial to keep him in prison at taxpayer cost. The sentencing revision is just the latest in aseries of changessince Gascon took over the nation largest district attorney office last week. Besides banning the death penalty, he stopped use of cash bail in most cases to avoid ""unnecessary incarceration"" while suspects are awaiting trial. He also directed prosecutors to help convicted criminals who were sentenced too harshly in the past to win reductions to their prison terms – even as the county grapples with surging crime. Gascon campaign received more than $2.5 million in funding fromSoros, the Hungarian-born billionaire who has helped install left-leaning DAs across the US. He was also backed by blacklivesmatter , helping him to defeat the first black district attorney in Los Angeles County history. Gascon, 65, was born in Cuba and spent more than 20 years on the Los Angeles police force. As district attorney in San Francisco from 2011 to 2019, he presided over surges in property crime and drug addiction, well as violent crime that was 82 percent higher than the national average. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509788-la-da-lightens-murder-sentences/
"15 Dec, 2020",Lee Camp: Unemployment skyrocketing? An evolved society would celebrate,"Why do we still pretend crap jobs give our lives meaning? Lee Campis the host of the hit comedy news showRedacted Tonight. His new book, ‘Bullet Points and Punch Lines’, is available atLeeCampBook.com,and his stand-up comedy special can be streamed for free atLeeCampAmerican.com. This article was originally published byScheerPost. Leaf blowers are everything wrong with capitalism… I’ll explain that in a minute. We all know times are irredeemably grim, and they’re only getting worse. The unemployment level in America seems to be setting the record books aflame, and for somebizarrereason those numbers correlate nicely with the number of Americans under 40 living with their parents again. Understandably, the entire country is a littleon edge. If I spend more than 30 minutes around my parents, one eye starts twitching, a dull ringing settles into my inner ear canal, and I start to think Rachel Maddow (which they leave on 24/7 as if she’s Christmas music at Macy’s) makes some logical sense. Point being, in terms of discomfort, I would imagine living with your parents in your late thirties ranks somewhere between erectile dysfunction and having a brain-eating parasite. Anyway, back to unemployment. The Economic Policy Institute recently releasednew numbersshowing,“Unemployment has especially skyrocketed for young workers in the COVID-19 labor market... The overall unemployment rate for young workers ages 16–24 jumped from 8.4% to nearly 25% from spring 2019 to spring 2020… Spring 2020 unemployment rates were even higher for young Black, Hispanic, and Asian American/Pacific Islander workers – close to 30% for all three groups.” Unemployment is raging. Out. Of. Control. Forgive me, a quick aside about the inner workings of systemic racism. As those unemployment numbers make clear, not every problem in America involves racism, but every problem in Americaalsoinvolves racism. Systemic racism deniers refuse to comprehend this. When s**t is bad for young people – it’s even worse for black young people. When life sucks for the elderly poor in the United States – it sucks even more for elderly poor Hispanics. If the police are using weapons of war to crack activist heads – they’re cracking black activist heads twice as hard. If there’s a clean water problem in America – the water in Indigenous communities isn’tjustunclean, it has chunks of s**t in it! (Usually chunks of something Dupont used to produceTeflon™. I mean, what’s a few thousand people with cancer in order to ensure the egg slidesright offthe pan?) Now let’s break down this unemployment problem because much like a good one-night stand, you must get to the bottom. (I’m only half sure I understand what that sentence meant.) So, the surface problem is obvious: a lot of young people are unemployed. They don’t have money, they can’t pay rent, they can’t pay their student loans, they can’t afford food or life, they can only buy a regular coffee at Starbucks instead of the Frappe Unicorn Caramel Almond Juice Latte™. So that’s one reason employment is important. Why should we all have to be slaves to the labor market to survive in the first place? But if we excavate down to the second layer, we find a more important – and largely censored – quandary: Why should we all have to be slaves to the labor market to survive in the first place? Many people work their asses off grinding away at awful monotonous crap that shouldn’t even have to get doneat all. Our economy overflows with useless work. Utterly meaningless jobs, profoundly redundant tasks, excessively bureaucratic nonsense, woefully vapid spectacle production, joylessly soulless drudgery. They proliferate everywhere one looks. For example, daily outside my apartment window, in a parking lot, no fewer than three Leaf Blower People (technical terminology) blowthe f**koutta thousands of leaves. The entire neighborhood sounds like the middle of a nonconsensual monster truck rally for three hours every single morning. And as if that’s not inane enough, most days it’s windy out. The leaves return to their original locations15 secondsafter the guy blows them. So – much like a fluffer on a porn set – his work doesn’t last long. Not to mention, why do leaves have to inhabit a particular location anyway? At the risk of sounding like a radical, let the leaves be leaves! Let them do their thing. I’m a strong supporter of leaf self-determination. It’s not like they’re scorpions and allowing them to run free near domiciles is a downright danger to society. No one has ever found a leaf in a parking lot, gasped with horror, then bellowed,“The children! Will no one think of the children?!”Plus, we’re talking about a damn parking lot. What car can’t parkon leaves? (Other than a Kia.) And why the hell hasn’t someone invented a leaf blower silencer yet? We have a silencer for shooting people’s heads off, which one would hope happens far less often than leaf blowing. Where’s the Dyson vacuum guy when you need him? Get to work, mate! Invent the silencer. You can’t retire now – your legacy is not nearly secure. All you did so far was come up with a funny vacuum and a hand dryer thatspraysfecal matter all over people at public restrooms. (Yes, scientists found that public restroom hand dryers simply hose us all down in s**t flurries.) Well done, Dyson. Invent the leaf blower silencer post haste or you’ll be known as the“feces laminator”forevermore. So, we can agree leaf blowing is a nonsensical job. Much of the machinery of our society is filled with work, that pays people, that is inconsequential, insubstantial, and hollow. Yet, many of us do these jobs because we are wage slaves. We must hold down bulls**t jobs to survive. David Graeber wrote agreat bookabout inhuman empty jobs, and although I haven’t read it, I’m going to pretend I have to impress you. It’s a tremendous book. Can’t believe you haven’t read it yet. So this is the part of the column when I hit you with a groundbreaking, snot-snorting solution that rocks your boat and soils your pants. Here it is… How aboutNO? How about no more wage slavery? A lot of the jobs in this country don’t need to get done at all, a lot of them can be done by technology, and a lot of them could be thrown out if we just had a cultural awakening that scientifically analyzed our society to maximize efficiency, health, and sustainability instead of profit, profit, and profit. So at this point in the debate, people who suffer from Stockholm syndrome defend their wage masters by belching,“We can’t get rid of all those jobs and give people houses and food and clothing without endless life-draining soul-bleeding work – because then what will people do all day? People need to work at jobs they hate. It gives their lives meaning.” To that person I respond – Wow, what a rousing defense of slavery. It’s the same thing they said on the plantations.“If you free the slaves, then what will they do all day?” Well, if the people newly freed from their jobs have a passion, I assume they’ll pursue that. But if they don’t have anything they enjoy doing, then I actually don’t know what people will do with themselves — maybe choose to count their farts — but that’s fine because that’s calledfreedom. Many philosophers with far thicker gooey brain matter than I have said that we must create our own meaning for our lives. We must seek out and ascertain our own life purpose and folding shirts at Banana Republic isnota good answer. If people had the time, freedom, understanding and education, they would happily pick their own significance and aspirations. No one spends 23 hours a day grooming high-end dogs — making sure the ass hair is perfectly coiffed — because that gives their life drive. They do it because they need the money. How many people keep trimming the labradoodle’s“reardo”or folding the shirts or blowing the leaves after they win the lottery? It means he’s been indoctrinated so thoroughly, he can’t see life outside the factory. That’s like a prisoner who can’t leave the prison. This reminds me of a TV news story I saw about a blue-collar worker who won the lottery — millions of dollars — and said he was going back to work at the factory on Monday. And the news report gushed over how tremendous this was.“What a great guy! He’s going back to the factory!”But honestly, that shouldn’t be celebrated. It’s the result of a cultural brain disorder. It means he’s been indoctrinated so thoroughly, he can’t see life outside the factory. That’s like a prisoner who can’t leave the prison. It’s not something to have a goddamn ticker-tape parade over. We should want all the unemployed people to have jobs — because currently, without the jobs, they can’t afford their lives. But we should also discuss regularly how one day, preferably soon, we shouldnotwant to have these jobs — at least not full-time, slaving away at mind-numbing labor the employee loathes. But that conversation can’t be had on our mainstream media or even most alternative media. Everyone must partake in the wage slavery all the time because this is America – the freest country in the world! My boss told me so. Oh, and how will we pay for a leaf blowernotto blow leaves? How about using the trillions we pay for wars that are never won. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/509756-lee-camp-unemployment-jobs/
"14 Dec, 2020",Indian hospital warns of rare & potentially DEADLY FUNGUS in some recovered Covid-19 patients,"Doctors at New Delhi’s Sir Ganga Ram Hospital have reported that more than a dozen recovered Covid-19 patients have been afflicted with a serious fungal infection that has already claimed five lives. The mucormycosis fungus, which usually takes 15-30 days to spread, was registered growing in former coronavirus patients within just 2-3 days, the doctors warned. The fungus can lead to various gruesome outcomes, depending on where it might spread in the body. In some cases, the infection could necessitate the removal of the nose and jawbone and can also cause permanent loss of eyesight. The mortality rate for patients in which the fungus spreads to the brain is a startling 50 percent. Over the last two weeks, surgeons at Ganga Ram had to perform operations on 10 patients to remove infected tissue. Half the patients lost their eyesight while five of them died. Dr. Manish Munjal, Ganga Ram’s Senior ENT surgeon, explained to India’s ANI news agency that the mucormycosis fungus afflicts patients whose immune systems have been very weakened by the novel coronavirus. The fungus seems to enter the host’s body by exploiting the immune system’s Cytokine responses, provoked by large doses of steroids commonly given to Covid-19 patients. “It allows mucormycosis to travel through the nose root to the eyes and brain and, if undetected, it can lead to the death of over 50 percent [of] cases in a matter of days,”Munjal told ANI. According to India’s leading infectious disease expert Dr. Atul Patel, the 19 cases of mucormycosis among recovered Covid-19 Patients, recorded over the last three months are already a significant spike. “This is 4.5 times higher than the burden reported conventionally before the pandemic,”Patel said, adding,“This is a serious issue and healthcare providers should be extremely cautious”. It is critical that the infection is spotted early, at the stage where a preventative clinical intervention would be a viable treatment. Symptoms of mucormycosis may include one-sided facial swelling, headaches, fever, nasal congestion and appearance of growing black spots on the nose or inside the mouth,accordingto the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ",https://www.rt.com/news/509644-india-fungus-covid-19/
"13 Dec, 2020",‘It has run its course’: Fans in hysterics as Premier League football aces forget to take a knee and crash into each other (VIDEO),"Fans have rubbished the pre-match taking of the knee as ""ridiculous"" after Spurs hotshot Son Heung-Min and Crystal Palace striker Christian Benteke forgot to make the gesture, charging towards each other at the start of a match. Belgium forward Benteke and Son, the Premier League second-top scorer, tangled as the referee blew his whistle to signal the taking of the knee before the match between Tottenham and Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday. Thinking the game had started, Benteke flew forwards in an attempt to immediately move towards a potential goalscoring position, causing Son to react by attempting to block his path. The confused duo then realized that the rest of the players had knelt when the whistle sounded, attempting to atone for their error by sinking to the turf themselves. Benteke and Son 😂😂pic.twitter.com/TfA3ZCWveL Really ridiculous this BLMyballs. It enough 🤦🏻‍♂️ Real smooth with the kneel afterward 😂😂pic.twitter.com/eeqqDGxm7k Unfortunately for Benteke, the 6ft 2in targetman was inside the opposition half by then, causing him to unceremoniously try to sneak back towards his own territory in line with the rules at kick-off. When his embarrassment got the better of him and he realized that the time had passed in which he could smoothly return beyond the halfway line, Benteke crouched slightly inside the Spurs half, ahead of the equally bemused Son. The fiasco did not go unnoticed in front of the first crowd to have been allowed in to Palace stadium since the onset of the pandemic halted elite football in England in March. pic.twitter.com/zImhIQv1vS Hopefully both get a lengthy ban, disgusting Scraping the barrel just get on with the game stop the kneeling its boring. Kneeling for what? seriously that racism in its self. Some viewers at home captured the moment, which was live on television, for posterity, laughing disbelievingly as the act of symbolism, which has been at the center of increasing contention during the past week, took on a lighter air. ""Just highlights it has run its course,""said one supporter on Twitter, recalling how Liverpool striker Sadio Mane had previously seemed more focused on football than kneeling.""Action is required now."" Mane became the first high-profile Premier League star to fluff his lines when he ran into the opposition half before kick-off at Everton Goodison Park in June, enduring predictable mockery from fans for his troubles. Just highlights it has run its course - action is required now! If I recall Mane did the same thing months back. Yes people should take the knee before entering work as well, taking knee very important and not virtue signalling at all 😀 Zaha like “wtf are you doing guys?” 😭pic.twitter.com/i32IVB1qcm Manchester United Anthony Martial then also made a false start at the same stadium last month, advancing as the whistle blew before hurriedly backtracking to his initial position. In a response that could have been spoofing the ready outrage among those keen to insist that the knee is taken, another watcher replied:""Hopefully both get a lengthy ban - disgusting."" Neither Benteke nor Son made reference to the hilarious mishap after the match, which ended in a 1-1 draw. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/509557-son-benteke-knee-video/
"13 Dec, 2020",‘Racist cowards’: Fans and players horrified as Champions League winner and football ace girlfriend cop ‘sickening’ online abuse,"Bayern Munich prodigy Alphonso Davies and Paris Saint-Germain star Jordyn Huitema have been barraged with vile racial abuse under an innocent holiday snap on Instagram, leading supporters and players to speak of their shock. The photogenic pair were bombarded with racist comments under a shot they had shared of themselves posing on a boat in Ibiza, which 19-year-old Huitema affectionately described as a ""baecation"". Almost four months after the picture had first been posted, a targeted campaign of poisonous comments appeared based around the colour of Davies skin, variously calling the defender a ""monkey"", an ""animal"" and trumpeting archaic slurs about his ancestry and suitability as a partner and potential father. Davies has supported the blacklivesmatter campaign this year, joining his Bayern teammates to wear an armband in support of social justice following the killing of George Floyd at the hands of police brutality in the US in May. Totally disgusted to read the comments under the photos of@AlphonsoDaviesand@JordynHuitema. No words for that except that you should never listen to people full of hate posting cowardly on social media. We don t give them a chance, love is stronger than hate!#NOTORACISM @instagramshould be embarrassed for not doing better. Those are extremely racist comments, I’ve reported some and they claim to not have an issue. Just brutal. People posting things as disgusting as that deserve legal repercussions. Speaking a month later, he toldSky Sports:""It hurts a lot, seeing all these photos of cops killing black males. ""I don t know what to say, it just a very sensitive topic to talk about right now. All I want to say is that my skin color is not a crime."" Huitema used her Instagram account to take part in the Blackout Tuesday initiative, in which people around the world posted a black square as a symbol against racism. Unspeakable. What we can do is let Jordyn and Alphonso know that we support them; and hopefully our voices drown out those who have nothing better to do with their lives than spread hate. Disgusting excuses of humans. It’s just fear, man. Straight up fear. You know why they’re scared? If they had kids, they’d turn Canada into an unstoppable force in international football. Other countries wouldn’t have a hope in hell! 😂 She has been dating Davies since around the same time as they were both named Canada Under-17s players of the year in 2017, and the couple are known for their playfully intimate posts to their combined Instagram following of more than 4.2 million. Shocked readers said the obscenities were further evidence of the work needed to eradicate racism from sport.""It’s crazy, the type of stuff people say and get away with,""rued one. ""People filled Jordyn’s Instagram comments with disgusting and racial remarks. It’s 2020 and here we are...still."" So brutal. Two of the nicest, most genuine people you could meet and they are subjected to this. What is wrong with people?? I’m so sorry to read this ! It’s so hurtful but racism exists and these sick people need to be charged. These people are low lives which only attract hate and negativity in their lives. They look for any little bit of information to try and hurt other people but I hope that everyone knows that we don t share these feelings nor will we let these thugs threaten us. Another added:""I’m so sorry to read this. It’s so hurtful but racism exists and these sick people need to be charged."" Bayern defender Jerome Boateng said he had been ""totally disgusted"" by the comments. ""No words for that except that you should never listen to people full of hate posting cowardly on social media,""the Germany veteran told his Twitter following of more than 2.5 million. ""We don t give them a chance. Love is stronger than hate!"" A post shared by 𝘑𝘖𝘙𝘋𝘠𝘕 𝘏𝘜𝘐𝘛𝘌𝘔𝘈 (@jordynhuitema) A post shared by 𝘑𝘖𝘙𝘋𝘠𝘕 𝘏𝘜𝘐𝘛𝘌𝘔𝘈 (@jordynhuitema) A post shared by 𝘑𝘖𝘙𝘋𝘠𝘕 𝘏𝘜𝘐𝘛𝘌𝘔𝘈 (@jordynhuitema) Racism in football has been in the headlines again this week after Istanbul Basaksehir players walked off in a Champions League match at PSG over alleged discriminatory comments by a match official. A row also broke out over the taking of the knee before matches in England and the decision of a section of fans at one match to boo the gesture, leading to the team linking arms in the match that followed and holding up a banner. Huitema, who had portrayed herself taking a brief break with Davies less than a week after he lifted the Champions League trophy with the Bundesliga giants, did not immediately respond to or disable comments on the post. ""Ignore the toxicity,""one of the fans who had added almost half a million likes to the post urged her. Another said:""F*ck them haters - they can’t handle all this speed."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/509547-alphonso-davies-girlfriend-racism-instagram/
"13 Dec, 2020",WATCH Proud Boys torching BLM banner amid violence-marred protest day in DC,"A group of Proud Boys activists burned a blacklivesmatter banner on Saturday in Washington. The right-wing group repeatedly brawled with their counterparts from left-wing Antifa on the night after the MAGA March event. The Trump-supporting activists were filmed burning a large BLM banner in Washington, DC. Proud Boys chanted slogans denouncing their Antifa rivals and cheered as the black banner doused in accelerant went up in smoke. It was not immediately clear where they got their trophy, but some reportsindicatedthat it was snatched from a historic black church at 11th and K Street in northwest Washington. The burning was part of a larger confrontation that the groups supporting and opposing President Trump engaged in on the sidelines of the ‘MAGA March’ in the US capital. The rally itself was mostly peaceful, but the situation became violent later in the night, as small groups of people roamed the streets picking fights with their opponents. There were numerous brawls, and police made multiple arrests. Four people were taken to the hospital in critical condition with reported stab wounds after a fight near Harry’s Bar, a Proud Boys gathering spot. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509526-proud-boys-blm-banner/
"12 Dec, 2020","Biden ‘will be removed one way or another’: Alex Jones, Michael Flynn speak at pro-Trump march as rival protesters clash (VIDEOS)","Police detained multiple people at the pro-Trump march in DC as clashes with counter-protesters ensued, while the election was being denounced by speakers like Alex Jones who claimed that Biden “will never” be recognized as POTUS. DC police worked to keep counter-protesters from clashing with Trump supporters, including members of the right-wing Proud Boys movement, at Saturday’s demonstrations, with lines of cops blocking off groups from interacting. DC Police are forming multiple lines to separate blacklivesmatter protesters in the Plaza from a group of Proud Boys and Trump supporters nearby. Nobody is being allowed in or out#MarchForTrump#DefendDC#DCpic.twitter.com/pdfS8K3qgX Police worked to block off blacklivesmatter plaza where counter-protesters were gathering. This left pro-Trump supporters to simply exchange words with the opposing crowd. “Wake the f**k up...has BLM helped any of you?”one Trump supportersaidto blacklivesmatter protesters through a speakerphone. Multiple protesters, identified as Proud Boys members by Daily Caller reporter Shelby Talcott, were not happy with police blocking off BLM Plaza, leading to scuffles with several of the officers. Proud Boys are angry with police for protecting BLM Plaza... a few scuffles broke out as some harassed the police, and more officers arrived as people inside the plaza sprinted towards the Proud Boyspic.twitter.com/nKvCNTzjY6 Even with precautions taken, there still managed to be protesters exchanging blows, with officers stepping in to detain multiple people who clashed in a fight caught on camera. Police just intervened in a fight between some PB members and people in black bloc. Some people are being detained and there are police all over the placepic.twitter.com/JWZCNR3EAJ Making their way around police blockades, the crowd chanted,“Whose streets? Our streets!”as they marched. Other chants included“f**k Antifa”and“f**k Joe Biden.” Hundreds of Proud Boys are marching in downtown D.C. Thousands are expected for pro-Trump protests todaypic.twitter.com/vohgn8RenA Protesters gathered outside the Supreme Court earlier on Saturday morning where they sang the National Anthem ahead of hearing conservative speakers like Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump’s former National Security Advisor, address them. In his talk to the crowd, estimated to be in the thousands, in the afternoon, Flynn promised there are“still avenues”for Trump to win the presidency, despite enough states certifying their votes for Biden to have the electoral votes to cinch his victory, and the president’s legal battles quickly being exhausted. InfoWars founder Alex Jones also marched with protesters and spoke to them at one point in a fiery speech, where he promised he will“never recognize”Biden as president and said the Democrat will be removed from office“one way or another.” “The system is publicly stealing this election from the biggest landslide and the biggest political realignment since 1776” -#AlexJonespic.twitter.com/AKxBwWUz7D Alex Jones also spoke, promising that “we will never recognize” Joe Biden.Cheers erupted when he declared that “Joe Biden is a globalist, and Joe Biden will be removed one way or another.”pic.twitter.com/Xsql9l23s4 “The system is publicly stealing this election from the biggest landslide and the biggest political realignment since 1776,”Jones, one of Trump’s earliest and most vocal supporters, said. Trump himself flew over the crowd in Marine One, earning massive cheers. The president was making his way to the annual Army-Navy football game, where he was also celebrated by the crowd. He had promised earlier in the day he would be“seeing”the gathering of supporters. pic.twitter.com/4lH5PZRI9C Crowd chants “USA!” as President Trump arrives at the Army-Navy game.pic.twitter.com/g06ZSFDzrf Pro-Trump demonstrators also marched in DC on Friday evening, which ended with multiple clashes with counter-protesters. Footage from the gathering showed police needing to step in and break up multiple physical altercations between Trump supporters and liberal demonstrators wearing all black clothes and helmets. Tonight in DC: Proud Boys confront Antifa & BLM. DC is in for a long weekend.pic.twitter.com/uCbjVuiwEb DC: Antifa maces a Trump Supporter in the face Fellow comrades then mock the man afterwards#tatumreport#drewhernandezpic.twitter.com/gu9CRrHFhL Marching near the Marriott Hotel on Friday, demonstrators sang the Star Spangled Banner. Currently patriot and proud boys are Singing Star-Spangled Banner estimating about 300 to 350 maybe more unsure lots of high energy#BlackLivesMatter#millionmagamarch#marchfortrump#dcprotest#dcprotests#stopthesteal#HappeningNow#Breakingnews#DC#WashingtonDC#DefendDCpic.twitter.com/jjzz2oLjox Notable Trump supporters like Roger Stone and InfoWars journalist Owen Shroyer arrived in DC on Friday night, as well. Stone spoke to the crowd and blasted the Supreme Court’s decision to shoot down an effort by Texas and several other states to block the results from multiple swing states where the president has alleged voter fraud. “Nothing is over until we say it is,”he told the crowd, who then chanted,“No Trump. No peace”in response. Roger Stone just spoke to thousands of Proud Boys & other patriots here in DC. They were shouting “no Trump no peace.” We’re holding the#MarchForTrumphere tomorrow.pic.twitter.com/g6KVMjZkKG Saturday’s protests, which President Trump highlighted on Twitter, were put on by conservative groups like Million MAGA March and Women for America First, who each filed permits anticipating thousands of participants. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509504-dc-trump-protest-proud-boys/
"11 Dec, 2020","‘Remember HIS name...’? With Kim Kardashian, Bernie Sanders & race-baiting SJWs, justice and mercy are reserved for the murderer","That poor Kim Kardashian is just beside herself with grief, and Democrat Senator Bernie Sanders is accusing the federal government of “premeditated murder” for executing death-row inmate Brandon Bernard. ByTony Cox, a US journalist who has written or edited for Bloomberg and several major daily newspapers. Others, such as New York Times“journalist”Maggie Haberman, noted the cruel irony of President Donald Trump tweeting about saving lives just hours after Thursday execution of Bernard at a prison in Indiana. And those brave race-baiters – the ones who stoke and feed on our nation divisions like insatiable horse-leeches – saw an irresistible opportunity to do their thing because Bernard was black. For instance, Bishop Talbert Swan chimed in with misleading comparisons of Bernard death sentence being carried out with supposedly lenient treatment for white killers. Said ten hours after a federal execution during a lame-duck period in the presidency for which he ignored pleas for leniencyhttps://t.co/MUhs0uorbU None of the celebrity critics expressed any concern over the husband-and-wife youth pastors whom Bernard helped murder in 1999. Kardashian at least focused her defense of Bernard on how he has changed as a person during his two decades on death row. Others played absurd games with what-about-isms to make Bernard the real victim. 🕊🕊🕊 🕊🕊🕊I’m so messed up right now. They killed Brandon. He was such a reformed person. So hopeful and positive until the end. More importantly he is sorry, so sorry for the hurt and pain he has caused others. Swan made one of the most twisted and disingenuous arguments, first nothing that Bernard was 18 at the time of the crime and“shot no one.”He failed to mention that Bernard doused the couple car with lighter fluid and burned the woman to death (her husband had already died from a gunshot wound to the head while both were confined in the trunk after being robbed). Trump denied clemency for#BrandonBernard. He was 18, shot no one, but was with a group that did.Trump praised Kyle Rittenhouse. He murdered 2#BlackLivesMatterprotesters. White ‘christians’ raised him $1 M.Police took Dylan Roof to Burger King. He murdered 9 Black ppl.pic.twitter.com/AlrsWqNojR Swan then points out that Trump, who denied clemency for Bernard, praised Kyle Rittenhouse, who“murdered two blacklivesmatter protesters.”He added that white“Christians”– since when does a“bishop”use“Christians”as a pejorative? – raised money for Rittenhouse bail. He fails to mention that Rittenhouse was 17 at the time of his alleged crimes and apparently hasn t seen the video evidence that appears to show the white teen being attacked before firing his weapon. any words for his victims? The bishop then points out that police bought Dylann Roof a Burger King hamburger after his arrest for killing nine black people at a church in Charleston, South Carolina. Other distraught tweeters noted that Bernard is dead, and yet Roof remains alive in prison. The implication is that Roof was shown favor for being a white murderer of black people, in contrast to Bernard being unfairly executed by a racist, bloodthirsty president because he was a black man whose victims were white. May#BrandonBernard memory be a blessing. May we remember his name forever — not only because he mattered, but also because I hope he is final victim of the murderous monstrosity that is capital punishment. What these race-based conspiracy theorists fail to factor in is that Roof was sentenced to death in 2017 for the heinous murders he committed in 2015. He on death row and will be executed in due time if Democrats don t eliminate the death penalty and ban such sentences from being carried out. Bernard was sentenced 20 years ago and was killed by lethal injection after his legal appeals were exhausted. As for the burger, police aren t allowed to starve suspects during interrogation, regardless of the skin color of alleged murderers or their victims. Doing so could lead to allegations of false confessions. While Swan falsely said police“took”Roof to Burger King, the fact is that they brought him food during questioning. Perhaps the race-baiters wouldn t have been as triggered if police had instead stopped the interrogation to make Roof a bad sandwich (and leave off the mustard). Others aggrieved by Bernard execution point out that some of the people who support such sentences – perhaps those Christians mentioned by Swan – also oppose abortion. The alleged problem is that they oppose killing unborn children but favor executing at least some convicted murderers. But think about the opposite: opposing the execution of any convicted murderers while favoring rights to kill unborn children. All these people who have no problem killing innocent babies for profit...are all defending a guy who set a couple on fire because capital punishment is “mean.”You can pretend to have the moral high ground all you want, but you don’t. 👌🏻 The outrage is driven at least partly by the fact that death sentences are being carried out by the Trump administration, which has executed nine federal inmates since July. For sufferers of Trump Derangement Syndrome, anything the Bad Orange Man does is exponentially infuriating. It doesn t matter that Barack Obama administration declined to grant Bernard clemency during its eight years in charge. Trump is the bogeyman, and Trump alone is the culprit. And for many observers, Bernard execution is just the latest in a long line of unjust murders of black people by the state. For some, regardless of justification (or lack thereof), the killing of a black person by government agents is automatically racist and probably reason enough to burn and loot our cities. We re told to“say his name,”say Brandon Bernard, to remember this latest victim and inspire us to take revenge. They killed him. They literally killed him. They killed forgiveness, togetherness, and mercy. Say his name.#BrandonBernardpic.twitter.com/DYSeByN2ro But what about their names? Oops, we haven t mentioned their names. Their names are Todd and Stacie Bagley. They, too, were young, at 26 and 28. They were white (sorry) youth pastors from Iowa who were on a visit to Texas when they agreed to give a ride to two of Bernard friends. But those two and a third accomplice robbed the Bagleys and forced them into the trunk of their own vehicle in a pre-planned carjacking,accordingto prosecutors. Bernard had supplied the gun for the robbery and helped buy the lighter fluid that he and an accomplice doused the couple car with at a remote recreation area on a military base. After one of the other teens shot the husband in the head and the wife in the face, prosecutors say, Bernard set the car alight. Stacie Bagley allegedly died in the fire. Remember their namespic.twitter.com/WSNMuRjMq6 According to one of the teens, the woman last words were,“Jesus loves you,”and“Jesus, take care of us.”While locked in the trunk, the couple had tried for hours to preach to two of the robbers, who were sitting in the back seat. They even told the teens about their upcoming revival meeting at the local church. In the end, they were shot and burned. They didn t get 20 years to reflect on their lives and try to become better people while awaiting death. They didn t get to spend time building relationships with celebrities, say final goodbyes to loved ones, or make any requests about a last meal. All Stacie Bagley could do was say,“Jesus, take care of us”before watching her husband be shot dead, and then be shot herself and burned. So yes, remember the names. Remember Todd and Stacie Bagley. Today is a day to lament the taking of their innocent lives – not to pretend that one of their murderers is a victim. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/509449-celebrities-justice-bernard-execution/
"11 Dec, 2020",‘Multiple’ people injured after vehicle ‘plows’ into blacklivesmatter protesters in New York,"Several people were injured when a car drove into a crowd of some 50 blacklivesmatter protesters in Manhattan, the New York Police Department has confirmed, giving no further details about the incident. A NYPD spokesman confirmed that a vehicle“plowed”into the protesters at the corner of 39th Street and Third Avenue in Midtown Manhattan on Friday afternoon, shortly after 4pm local time. The injuries did not appear to be life-threatening, police added. LIVE in NYC: At least 6 people injured after being struck by car at BLM protest.NYPD is asking people to avoid area of 3rd Avenue & 39 Avenue in Manhattan.More to come.pic.twitter.com/yS4utKM6Gk Dozens of officers cordoned off the area after the incident, local media reported. One video from the scene showed a handcuffed woman being led away by police, but it wasn’t clear whether she was the driver. I don t know all the details, but this was the arrest after multiple#protesterswere run down by a car in#MurrayHilljust a little while ago. The neighborhood is filled w/cops right now@nytimes@NY1pic.twitter.com/nOL1H2aArO The group was marching“in solidarity”with people jailed on ICE immigration detainers in Bergen County Jail in neighboring New Jersey, according to the Facebook feed of Mark Appoloa, who describes himself as an ‘Occupy Wall Street organizer.’ The inmates were reportedly on hunger strike. A man in his live stream said that a BMW had“plowed through”a group of protesters and that police arrested two demonstrators who chased after the vehicle, the New York Postreported. From hunger strike in a restaurant in Manhattan, to stupid games in traffic. Wowpic.twitter.com/ty5TxSKz2A Activists on social media claimed six people were injured in the incident, though it was unclear how many, if any, were taken to hospital. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509450-new-york-blm-vehicle/
"11 Dec, 2020","What in God’s name? Pope Francis plans to ‘fix’ global capitalism – with the help of the Rothschilds, Rockerfellers and Mastercard","The Vatican has said it will partner with Fortune 500 companies to address various economic grievances, including inequality and environmental degradation. But is it really incumbent upon the Bishop of Rome to virtue-signal? Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Robert Bridge is an American writer and journalist. He is the author of Midnight in the American Empire, How Corporations and Their Political Servants are Destroying the American Dream.@Robert_Bridge Anyone entertaining hopes that planet Earth might escape the insanity of 2020 without any more mind-blowing stories may wish to fasten their seatbelts for a hard landing. At a time when a global pandemic has swept away millions of jobs, andtransformeda handful of global capitalists from ‘merely wealthy’ to fantastically wealthy overnight, Pope Francis has decided to take sides in this epic battle. Any hunches what side that might be? Hint: much like the Vatican, it is immensely wealthy, influential, and acts like a government unto itself. Yes, you guessed it. Instead of the poor and destitute – you know, ‘the meek who shall inherit the earth rigmarole – taking their rightful place alongside the Pope to fight against globalization on steroids, the Vatican has announced it will form a“historic partnership”with big business, known as the Council for Inclusive Capitalism. You can’t make this stuff up. And make no mistake: this is no mere talk shop, but rather a vast undertaking thatinvolves“more than $10.5 trillion in assets under management, companies with over $2.1 trillion of market capitalization, and 200 million workers in more than 163 countries.” “Capitalism has created enormous global prosperity, but it has also left too many people behind, led to the degradation of our planet, and is not widely trusted in society,”saidLady Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Founder of the Council and Managing Partner of Inclusive Capital Partners.“This council will follow the warning from Pope Francis to listen to ‘the cry of the Earth and the cry of the poor’ and answer society’s demands for a more equitable and sustainable model of growth.” In other words, in an apparent act of divine intervention, the Rothschild family (whose wealth is estimated at $20 billion, although nobody really knows for sure), together with other famous brand names of globalization, such as the Rockefellers and Mastercard, will now take up the standard for the world’s downtrodden. Who will be the first one to hold their breath? I tried to contain my skepticism, I really did, until I read a bit deeper into this contract between the Catholic Church and corporate power. Any guesses as to who will ensure the corporate chieftains live up to their end of the bargain? Known as the Guardians for Inclusive Capitalism – I kid you not – these 27 devout and morally outstanding individuals all hail from the golden one percent. Let’s call them the Pope’s 27 billionaire disciples. Really outstanding people, such as President of the Rockefeller Foundation Rajiv Shah, CEO of Mastercard Ajay Banga, and CEO of Salesforce Marc Benioff, will now behave like Good Samaritans, carrying out the will of the Holy See around a ravaged, lockdown-wearied planet. And here is the catch: there is not a single Vatican cardinal or even a deacon on the list of Guardians. So, who will guard over the guardians? Yes, the corporate elite themselves! They must have read Donald Trump’s ‘The Art of the Deal’. My initial skepticism shot into overdrive when it became clear what acts of charity the council would promote:“The Guardians will hold themselves accountable, committing to a list of intended actions involving environmental, social and governance matters,”Forbesreported.“The Guardians … have said they plan to hire and promote more women, increase diversity hires, commit to clean energy by purchasing 100% renewable electricity, reduce greenhouse gas emissions...”Yada, yada, yada. Forgive me, Father, but that sounds an awful lot like the controversial progressive platform being touted by Joe Biden and Kamala Harris that has divided the United States down the middle. In other words, this unholy marriage has already alienated at least one half of the US population, who fear a Biden presidency will herald in an age of socialism in America. Meanwhile, it is hardly reassuring that these profit-driven individuals will be allowed to“hold themselves accountable”to take on unspecified“social and governance matters”and“other initiatives,”whatever those happen to be. The reason for suspicion should be obvious. Aside from the absurdity of letting profit-driven corporations play guardian over themselves, we are now living in a time when these out-of-control behemoths are no longer content to just hawk their products to consumers; they have taken a serious stand on cultural and political issues, which many people find unacceptable yet must bear silently with a smile. Using their profits from consumer spending, corporations such as Coca-Cola can run an extremely controversial Spriteadvertisementcampaign, for example, that promotes a transgender lifestyle and that will be seen by millions of impressionable children. Or how about Gillette’s massively disappointing (and disliked)commercialthat took issue with so-called ‘toxic masculinity.’ Are these the“other initiatives”that corporations will be forcing on an unsuspecting public with the stamp of papal authority? Personally, I’ve never heard Pope Francis speak out against these extremely provocative ideas. Perhaps even more worrying is that many companies, compelled to prove they are taking a stand on behalf of the latest cause célèbre, have enthusiastically jumped aboard the blacklivesmatter juggernaut, which critics – of which there is no shortage, evenamongthe black American population – say works to the disadvantage of other races, not least white Americans, who have become the bane of Western civilization overnight. Is this the sort of ‘equality’ big business will be promoting with the quiet blessing of the Vatican? In their woke bid to become more ‘equal and diverse,’ will corporations begin to promote particular groups of people at the expense of others? After all, the Trump administration was just forced to take executive action against ‘critical race theory’ inside the government, while academia is now rampant with lectures teaching the evils of the ignoble white man. Are we on the precipice of a new age of racism in the United States and elsewhere, where the historic tables are turned with the help of corporate America? Although Pope Francis may have the best intentions at heart in promoting this sort of dialogue between the Vatican and the corporate world, unless there is real involvement by the Church to rein in corporate power, it will become a wasted opportunity in very short order. The Council for Inclusive Capitalism is nothing more and nothing less than a cynical PR stunt for corporate power that allows their controversial initiatives, heavily steeped in the rapacious accumulation of profit, as well as the promotion of dangerous ‘woke’ values, to win the seal of approval from one of the most powerful religious authorities on the planet. Such a program really amounts to an act of mindless virtue-signaling from the Catholic Church, which has fallen out of favor of late, and a cheap opportunity for the corporate world to conceal its behavior behind the shroud of morality and saintliness. It would have been far more effective and symbolic had Pope Francis committed himself to a contract with the people, with his true followers, in the fight against corporate power. Instead, he made a pact with the devil. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/509405-pope-vatican-global-capitalism/
"11 Dec, 2020",Frontline healthcare heroes & ‘racial justice organizers’ named TIME’s (mutually exclusive?) Guardians of the Year,"Time has designated frontline health workers – and racial justice organizers – as ‘guardians of the year,’ though lockdown-violating BLM protesters would seem to fly in the face of doctors’ guilt-inducing orders to ‘stay home.’ Apparently trying to have its cake and eat it too, Time named“frontline health workers”– a crowd-pleasing category – and“racial justice organizers”as“guardians of the year,”a newly devised category for its coveted“Person of the Year”selection. I get that the person of the year stuff is Time’s big thing, but creating a secondary “guardian of the year” *and* awarding it to two different entire categories of people seems a bit overboardpic.twitter.com/0VETHEVRT8 However, the magazine’s selections served up a decidedly mixed message, as a video clip representing the health workers reminded the audience that“frontline workers are risking their lives to help save ours”and a voice-over chided Americans for sending hospitals pizzas and other goodies:“What we need is for you to stop exposing us.” Frontline health workers are risking their lives to help save ours. “Doctors, nurses, housekeeping, the clerks, we are the closest to your family right now. And we’re going to take care of them""#TIMEPOY""pic.twitter.com/RdVHIhP88O Yet blacklivesmatter initially reemerged in a series of lockdown-violating protests back in May following the killing of Minneapolis man George Floyd and has somehow received special dispensation – from the media, if not always from authorities – to carry on in cities across the US even as other protests were quashed and demonized. While the frontline health workers were a popular pick, some couldn’t help but notice that the underpaid and often under-appreciated members of that category could use more concrete assistance than a splashy magazine cover. #TIMEPOYpic.twitter.com/n66Jq3qNao And others observed that the ever-broadening range of“People of the Year”diluted the purpose of the awards. Porche Bennett-Bey: “My purpose is the future, making sure that our children and their children and their children never have to keep going through these generational curses. You want to break those chains”#TIMEPOYhttps://t.co/eLYVITCMRBpic.twitter.com/Uck7kDAcab The two“racial justice organizers”named by the magazine were bafflingly obscure. Porche Bennett-Bey, whose big day was apparently taking the mic at a town hall in Kenosha, Wisconsin for then-presidential candidate Joe Biden and calling for more understanding of the plight of the black community, scarcely appears in a Google search. Assa Traore, a French activist whose brother died in police custody in 2016, is somewhat better known but barely appears in Time’s hagiographic writeup. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509307-doctors-blm-time-guardians-year/
"11 Dec, 2020","After courting blacklivesmatter & progressives, Biden blasts ‘defund the police’ as vote killer","With the campaign behind him, Joe Biden is apparently taking a less solicitous tone with progressives, blaming the defund-the-police movement for hurting Democrats at the polls and warning that executive orders won t be a panacea. Republicans were able to paint Democrat candidates as favoring defunding of police departments, which is“how they beat the living hell out of us across the country,”Biden said in a teleconference with civil rights leaders, according to a report Thursday by the Intercept based on a leaked recording of the event. Republicans added at least eleven House seats in the November 3 election. In audio obtained by The Intercept, Biden told civil rights leaders that the Republicans’ ability to define the Democratic Party as in favor of defunding the police is “how they beat the living hell out of us across the country.”Full story:https://t.co/ryYhjWzkMupic.twitter.com/jfRxDCvE29 Biden two-hour meeting with Al Sharpton and other civil rights leaders was held on Tuesday. Some participants urged the nominal president-elect to use executive orders to quickly implement his agenda, but Biden reportedly cautioned that he won t stretch Constitutional limits of his authority to implement reforms that should first be passed by Congress. “I am not going to violate the Constitution,”Biden said.“Executive authority that my progressive friends talk about is way beyond the bounds.”He gave the example of banning assault weapons by executive order.“We do that, next guy comes along and says, well, guess what? By executive order, I guess everybody can have machine guns again. So we gotta be careful.” “I will use it to undo every single damn thing this guy has done by executive authority, but I’m not going to exercise executive authority where it’s a question.”Inside Biden meeting with civil rights leaders:https://t.co/Q6cHBYoGKSpic.twitter.com/Y0LwLkTTFV Biden stated that he will use executive orders to undo“every single damn thing”that President Donald Trump has enacted by executive authority, but claimed won t rely on that method when the authority is questionable under the Constitution. He also appeared unwilling to budge after NAACP President Derrick Johnson warned that appointing Tom Vilsack as secretary of agriculture would anger black voters in Georgia, where crucial Senate runoff elections will be held in January. While holding the same post in the Obama administration, Vilsack fired Shirley Sherrod, whom Johnson called a hero for black voters. Biden said that Johnson would soon learn more about Vilsack record, suggesting that he will stick with plans to appoint the former Iowa governor. Progressives have their own reasons to oppose Vilsack, whom they dubbed ‘Mr Monsanto’ during his tenure, alleging favoritism of big corporations and GMO crops. Biden tapped the brakes on pressing for policing reforms before the January 5 runoffs in Georgia, which will determine which party will control the Senate for the next two years. I just raise it with you to think about how much do we push between now and January 5 – we need those two seats – about police reform. After defeating progressive rival Bernie Sanders in the Democrat primaries, Biden held together a fragile alliance with left-wing voters to help win the presidential election. Trump is now challenging Biden victory in court, alleging massive election fraud. Biden comments in Tuesday meeting will likely frustrate progressives who reluctantly supported him to defeat Trump. Other party leaders, including former President Barack Obama, have spoken out about the defund-the-police movement contributing to the loss of House seats in the election. All four members of the Squad, a group of progressive House Democrats, criticized Obama for his comments. “The thing that critics of activists don t get is that they tried playing the polite-language policy game, and all it did was make them easier to ignore,”said Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-New York).“It wasn t until they made folks uncomfortable that there was traction to do anything, even if it wasn t their full demands.” The thing that critics of activists don’t get is that they tried playing the “polite language” policy game and all it did was make them easier to ignore.It wasn’t until they made folks uncomfortable that there was traction to do ANYTHING even if it wasn’t their full demands. Biden transition team didn t question the authenticity of the leaked recording, saying he the same“honest, direct and realistic”person behind closed doors as he is in public. “As he made clear throughout the campaign, he believes in supporting bold and urgent reform to our criminal justice system while continuing to support law enforcement mission to keep our communities safe,”their statement said. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509305-biden-defund-police-vote-killer/
"10 Dec, 2020",‘Social justice ICE CREAM’? Ben & Jerry seeks to ‘dismantle systems of oppression’ with... Colin Kaepernick-themed vegan dessert,"Ben & Jerry is diving deeper into woke capitalism by teaming with Colin Kaepernick, the ex-NFL quarterback who became a leftist hero by kneeling during the national anthem, to market a new dessert that promotes racial activism. The company new“Change the Whirled”frozen dessert, a vegan ice cream substitute made with caramel and cookies, will arrive on store shelves in 2021, Ben & Jerry said on Thursday. It touted as“the flavor that supporting the fight to dismantle systems of oppression and empower black and brown people.” We’ve teamed up with@Kaepernick7! Introducing Change the Whirled Non-Dairy, the flavor that supporting the fight to dismantle systems of oppression and empower Black and Brown people. Coming to freezers in 2021! Learn more:https://t.co/7c0Se2vut4pic.twitter.com/LY90ObEwCj The packaging for“Change the Whirled”features an illustration of Kaepernick, a Black Power fist and the slogan,“I know my rights.”Kaepernick said the venture will“serve up joy on the journey to justice,”and his share of profits will be given to his Know Your Rights Camp legal defense initiative. As for Ben & Jerry share, that will go to Ben & Jerry s, which was taken over by multinational consumer goods giant Unilever in 2000. The Vermont ice-cream maker has longpromoted its activism– on issues ranging from LGBTQ rights to GMO labeling to climate change – wrapping its brand identity in feel-good vibes. The company joined in a boycott last June of Facebook and Instagram advertising to pressure the social media companies to increase censorship of“hate”speech. But the company itself has been atarget of boycott campaignsbecause of such actions as calling for the release of an alleged cop killer and using flavor names deemed offensive by conservatives. One such flavor was one of the company most famous,“Cherry Garcia,”named after Grateful Dead musician Jerry Garcia. Predictably, the Kaepernick dessert became just the latest“provocation”to punish Ben & Jerry s, with conservatives calling for a boycott on Twitter.“This is where we re now at in America,”sports journalist David Hookstead tweeted.“If you refuse to stand for the anthem, are terrible at playing quarterback and lose your job, you get honored with a non-dairy and vegan dessert.” Ben & Jerry is releasing a new flavor in honor of Colin Kaepernick. This is where we re now at in America.If you refuse to stand for the anthem, are terrible at playign quarterback and lose your job, you get honored with a ""non-dairy"" and ""vegan"" dessert.pic.twitter.com/50yn43TfyQ You know what to do Patriots.Time to boycott Ben & Jerry’s@benandjerrys#BoycottBenAndJerrys🍨https://t.co/yYyXJFQVsh Other observers mocked Kaepernick and Ben & Jerry s.“Social justice ice cream – that should fix racism everywhere,”one commenter said sarcastically. Another quipped,“It tastes like unemployment,”while still another called the new dessert“the flavor that pretends to be about doing something positive but is really about making money, and also leaves a bad taste.” Ahhh yes. Social Justice ice cream. That should fix racism everywhere. Smh The flavor that pretends to be about doing something positive but is really about making money, and also leaves a bad taste. Kaepernick, who hasn t played in an NFL game in nearly four years, has landed endorsement deals with such companies as Nike and Beats by Dr. Dre.“Kaepernick is so oppressed, he keeps getting multimillion-dollar sponsorship-promotional deals,”one Twitter user said. Kaepernick is so oppressed he keeps getting multi-million dollar sponsorship/promotional deals!https://t.co/7RcOi9z0aT But Kaepernick fans praised Ben & Jerry for taking another social-justice stand.“Your flavors and your causes are always great,”one commenter tweeted. Another observer said,“Thank you for always being on the right side of history. This is gonna be a top seller.” Thank You! Your flavors and your causes are always great. Cannot wait to eat this!! 😋 AMAZING. Thank you for always being on the right side of History. This is gonna be a TOP seller. ✊🏿✊🏽✊🏼✊🏻✊ 🙏🏽 ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509301-ben-jerrys-social-justice-ice-cream/
"10 Dec, 2020", republicanparty officially calls on supporters to DIE for Trump with an ‘Ali Akbar!’ battle cry,"Ultraconservative fanatics in Arizona also cite Rambo as they seek to overturn the election result & vow to either ‘live for nothing... or die for something’. Has the GOP turned into some sort of weird death cult? David Haggithis an author published by Putnam and HarperCollins. He is publisher ofThe Great Recession Blogand writes for over 50 economic news websites. His Twitter page of economic humor is@EconomicRecess. The Arizona republicanparty ’s overturn-the-Biden-victory plan just became bizarre in a way that could only happen in 2020. The official party Twitter page this week retweeted a suicide martyrdom call that was republished byMediaIte: He is. Are you?https://t.co/OY8qxNMPxm The man who wrote it, whose Twitter handle is just ‘@Ali’, goes by the name ‘Ali Akbar’, though he also uses the surname Alexander. The controversial firebrand has risen to become one of the main leaders in President Donald Trump’s“Stop the Steal”campaign, at least if you believe his publicity. Who cannot hear echoes of“Die for Trump! Allahu Akbar!”in a tweet like that – the kind of battle cry used by Islamic fundamentalists with explosives strapped to their chests? Yet, that is the tweet the Arizona republicanparty chose to use to rally Trump supporters to a new level of resistance,asking,“He is… are you?” You might respond, as a rational person,“I’m sure the republicanparty is not officially suggesting people take up arms for Trump like some sort of fanatical fundamentalist.”I would have thought so, too… until, only a short time later, they clarified their aim with this image and message: Really?Rambo? So it really is,“Die for the Donald! Ali Akbar!”Where’s our latter day Colonel Trautman when you need him, ready to pacify the trigger-happy twitches? Apparently, the republicanparty got a little nervous about the image they chose because it didn’t take them long to pull it. But they didn’t get it down before the Democratic lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania commented on it, likening the Arizona would-be warriors to a“death cult.” The AZ GOP put out a casting call for martyrs over Twitter. This is truly bonkers and unbelievably dangerous. I’ve been saying all along about how *punitive* it is to be a Republican who just simply acknowledges electoral *reality*.https://t.co/w2Zrma0VrQ Wherever you stand on the 2020 election outcome, or whichever party you support, trying to whip up a frenzy of willing martyrs is dangerous, particularly after the US presidenttoldthe far-right Proud Boys group to“stand by”during the campaign, which means“be ready for battle,”not“go away.”It’s incendiary at a time when tempers are already red hot all over America about this election. As a call to action, it may embolden heavily armed people, who are already angry and“standing by,”to go white hot. Yes, the Left has so far been more lunatic in its violent riots all over the nation and its direct assaults on Trump supporters than the Right. Even the Proud Boys have been more restrained than Antifa and some blacklivesmatter protesters. Still, an official battle cry that is practically coded“Allahu Akbar,”with a Rambo chaser, is reckless. Because US election statutes officially designated December 8 ‘Safe Harbor Day’ (a law says that as long as states have resolved disputes by then, the votes cast will be“conclusive”), Republicans have taken the Left’s 2016“not my president”slogan, and amped it up to“Trump or die!” Over the past four years, the republicanparty has built up such fervent zeal for Trump as its God-chosen champion that it looks like a personality cult. Their Rambo post stating“This is what we do.. who we are!”does now make them sound more like a death cult. That’s their statement, not some baggage carried in a retweet. To whip up fervor against accepting the election results, they use the voice of Ali Akbar, a leader with an army of followers in the“Stop the Steal”campaign, who also has a dubious background, including convictions for theft and credit card abuse. Here is his official Twitter page with his scrubbed name: ‘Ali Akbar’ is more than just a handle. The editor of a popular Louisiana publication where Akbar used to live, and who knows and worked with him in political races,wrotea personal and concerned op-ed about his rise in Republican politics in which he labeled him an absurd extremist“engaged in reckless hyperbole,”and one who had taken to wearing a bulletproof vest when appearing in public. The editor, Lamar White, also claimed that the funds raised through Akbar’s (or Alexander’s) fundraising tactics are all deposited directly to his personal accounts:“After clicking the [stopthesteal.us] donate button, visitors are prompted with the option to donate money to one of several cryptocurrency addresses associated with Alexander, or given links to his Paypal, CashApp, and Amazon wishlist.” CNN have alsoraisedserious questions about the activist’s fund-raising tactics. So it’s a little unclear who is stopping the steal and who is starting the steal by using“Stop the Steal.”Akbar drags behind himself a long reputation of nasty allegations, particularly regarding his habitual manner of directing funds raised for big political causes directly into his own personal accounts, rather than to 501 (c) 3 non-profit corporations. According toCrooks and Liars, his background includes: “Ali Akbar, now President of the National Bloggers Club, is one of the conservative blogosphere’s most infamous characters. He began his campaign of notoriety with a crime spree in 2006, blazing a six-year trail of fraud. That’s him up there, in the mug shots… Akbar has never applied to the IRS for 501(c)3 status… “This would be less distressing if Akbar didn’t have a long history of covering up his tracks and minimizing his criminal past. In 2006, he stole items from a woman’s home; he later broke into a vehicle, stole a debit card, and withdrew money from the victim’s account, earning a felony conviction. Yet this record did not keep Akbar out of Republican politics. “Barely a year later, Akbar was accused of discussing election fraud tactics... Akbar was frequently and mistakenly identified as a John McCain campaign staffer due to his involvement in Bloggers for McCain, a “cooperating” website independent from the campaign itself… “In April 2008, Akbar pleaded guilty to the debit card fraud and was sentenced to four years probation and restitution of the stolen money.” Ironically, Akbar bills himself as“the nationwide”organizer of“election integrity protests”on his Instagram account. He maintains he simply“doesn’t have time”to form a legitimate non-profit corporation. Apparently, he never has the time because this isn’t the first time he used that excuse, according to the Crooks & Liars website: “Despite claiming to be in the application process for 501(c) 4 status in August 2009, ALA eventually was embarrassed into posting the following caveat on their website (though not their donation page): “The American Liberty Alliance is … not registered as a non-profit and we do not raise funds as such.”Yet they incorporated under the name“American Liberty Alliance – A Non-Profit Corporation….” “It does not look like a case of simple ignorance. If it were an isolated incident it’d be one thing, but it is a pattern…. “Akbar has been dishonest about his criminal record. His organization has been dishonest about its non-profit status.” For a long list of Akbar’s purported indiscretions, lookhere. Rather than sort out the sordid details, I’ll use Ali’s own defense:“I don’t have time.”Make of them what you will because I’m more intrigued by the republicanparty ’s decision to deliver a clarion call that sounds like a suicide-bomber’s final words and then to summon the Rambo spirit, declaring,“This is what we do, who we are.” I know the republicanparty is not full of wingnuts, psychos and trigger-happy cultists, seeking retribution for those Democrats who somehow took“first blood”by winning an election. But sections of it are doing their best to convince me otherwise. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/509260-republican-party-trump-arizona/
"10 Dec, 2020",BBC defends comedy show Vicar of Dibley from backlash over taking a knee BLM episode,"The BBC has defended an upcoming Christmas special of its Vicar of Dibley series, which will feature the lead character delivering a sermon supporting blacklivesmatter , after receiving over 100 complaints before it even aired. The broadcaster came under fire when it revealed that a special miniseries of the show, titled The Vicar of Dibley in Lockdown , will see main character Geraldine Granger, played by Dawn French, address 2020’s key stories, including public support for the NHS, Covid-19 restrictions, and the blacklivesmatter (BLM) movement. While the episode has not aired yet, some details were released in advance by the BBC. In it, Granger is due to say that""I don t think it matters where you re from, I think it matters that you do something about it because Jesus would,""before adopting the symbol of the BLM tribute for victims of police violence and taking a knee. The programme trended on Twitter after the details first broke, as people accused the BBC ofabandoningits impartiality with its proposed coverage of the protests. Other commenters felt that it was a bizarremoveto force a fictional character, known for light-hearted and comedic content, to become  woke and deliver a serious political message. In a statement, the BBC rejected the criticism, stating that the fictional vicar""is a much-loved and well-established comic character and will be seen processing the year events in her familiar outspoken and high-spirited way."" French herself took a swipe at criticsearlierthis week, taking to Twitter to ironically declare""A lovely calm day, full of humanity, compassion and support all round…""in the midst of the complaints. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/509264-bbc-vicar-of-dibley-black-lives-matter/
"10 Dec, 2020",Bowing to BLM: Minneapolis knocks $8mn from police budget despite record crime levels,"Despite an extraordinary surge in all crime, particularly violent offenses, Minneapolis City Council voted unanimously to cut some $8 million from the city’s already faltering police department. Beset by blacklivesmatter protests and calls to defund police, the city council at least partially acceded to the activists’ demands and will instead redirect the funding to violence-prevention initiatives and mental health services. However, crime statistics paint a grim picture awaiting the social and mental health care workers who will soon be called upon to fill the breach left by the embattled city police department. There were some 532 gunshot victims in the city this year, as of last Thursday – more than double the figure at the same point in 2019 – while carjackings have spiked some 331 percent to 375 so far this year. The total number of violent crimes surpassed 5,100 – up over 1,000 from the same period in 2019. Meanwhile, some 160 trained police officers have quit or taken leave following a firestorm of protests throughout the summer following the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis PD custody on May 25 which prompted worldwide demonstrations, regardless of the coronavirus pandemic. “We all share a deep and abiding reverence for the role our local government plays in service of the people of our city,”Mayor Jacob Frey said of the budget cuts. “And today, there are good reasons to be optimistic about the future in Minneapolis,”he added, apparently oblivious to the soaring crime rates in the city. However, the council did perform an about-face on a previous proposal to cut the city’s police force cap from 888 to 750 beginning in 2022, which the mayor described as“irresponsible.” City council member Steve Fletcher, co-author of the budget-cut proposal, said that the new motion to cut $8 million from the department’s budget“represents a compromise, and also a big step forward into a more compassionate and effective public safety future.” Meanwhile, Police chief Medaria Arradondo informed the council that the police department would need more overtime to counter the rising tide of violent crime in the city, in addition to managing the protests expected to accompany the trial of the officers involved in Floyd’s death, which is due to begin in March. The new cuts will compound the existing $14 million cut to the Minneapolis police department budget as a result of austerity measures in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. The police department has already been diminished by the poor conduct of its officers which led to Floyd’s death, compounded by a slew of retirements, poor morale and reported PTSD among officers involved in crowd-control operations over the summer. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/509257-minneapolis-police-budget-defund-crime-wave/
"10 Dec, 2020",Victory for free speech or empty rhetoric? Cambridge University pledges to ‘tolerate’ all views – but not everyone is convinced,"Cambridge University has voted to encourage ‘tolerance’ rather than ‘respect’ for all viewpoints, in what has been described as a rare defeat for ‘woke’ activism in academia. But some say there’s little reason to celebrate. The university’s Regent House, which comprises academic and senior administrative staff, overwhelmingly backed three amendments concerning language in the institution’s ‘Statement on Freedom of Speech’. The most controversial of the three proposed changescalledfor the statement to be altered to make it“clearer and more liberal”. The amendment took issue with several phrases, including the assertion that staff, students and visitors should be“respectful”of the“diverse identities of others”, arguing that“tolerant”would be a more appropriate word. The two other approved amendments added language to the statement which stressed that Cambridge was committed to“the completely free and open discussion of ideas”, and that guest speakers and student events could be barred only in extreme circumstances. Commenting on the result of the ballot, Vice-Chancellor Professor Stephen Toope said the successful amendments served as “an emphatic reaffirmation of free speech in our university”, adding that Cambridge would remain an institution where unpopular opinions could be expressed and vigorously debated. Rigorous debate is fundamental to the pursuit of academic excellence, and the University of Cambridge will always be a place where freedom of speech is not only protected, but strongly encouraged. Many on social media seemed to agree with how Toope characterized the vote. British writer and journalist Douglas Murraysaidthe approved amendments were a“win”for freedom of speech. One observer expressedhopethat the vote signalled that people were“waking up from the stupor of woke”. But others said it was too little too late, and warned it would be premature to celebrate. Many pointed to Cambridge’s decision last year to rescind its offer of a visiting fellowship to Canadian professor and author Jordan Peterson, arguing that the institution appears to be selective with its“tolerance”. Yeah, but ... I suspect this comes as a result of defending Priyamvada Gopal.I mean, where was this spirit when Jordan Peterson was rudely rejected for instance?https://t.co/v7eHhl17Bi One Twitter user claiming to be a student at the university expressed dismay that the trades union for academic staff at Cambridge had urged its members to vote against the amendments. “Most ignored them in the anonymous vote, so it’s a vocal minority pushing for this. But will they still be a minority in 5-10 yrs?”the student asked. There a danger of minimising the threat here.@CambridgeUCUadvised members to vote against the amendments, with the support of our student union. Most ignored them in the anonymous vote, so it a vocal minority pushing for this. But will they still be a minority in 5-10 yrs? Others were taken aback by the“interesting”way in which some UK media outlets framed the Cambridge vote. Interesting take on this by The Guardian. (Bangs head against wall.)https://t.co/xKlxUyBQ0i In recent months, the prestigious educational institution has become a battleground in the ongoing ‘culture war’ over issues of social justice and freedom of expression. Cambridge faced both praise and criticism after it released an“anti-racism”statement in the wake of the killing of George Floyd and the rise of the blacklivesmatter movement. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/509215-cambridge-vote-free-speech/
"9 Dec, 2020",Walkouts and wokeness: Champions League scenes show sport is hostage to social justice campaigns – and fans will suffer,"The Champions League walkout by Paris Saint-Germain and Istanbul Basaksehir proves sport is increasingly at the mercy of any and every whiff of social injustice. But there is no end game, and fans will be the ones missing out. Tuesday night match in Paris lasted all of 14 minutes before the players and coaching staff stormed off to the changing rooms, not to return. The scenes were unprecedented in Europe premier club competition, and promptly gave rise to such apocalyptic headlines as Night of Shame as fans and pundits piled in on racist Romanian match official Sebastian Coltescu. Coltescu’s crime? Supposedly referring to Basaksehir assistant coach Pierre Webo as the black guy while identifying him so that he could be sanctioned for misbehavior on the bench. As an incandescent Webo demanded to know why Coltsecu had called him a negro (recordings suggest Coltescu or a fellow match official had actually used the phrase ala negru – Romanian for the black one ), any efforts to defuse the tensions were futile. Both sets of players and coaching staff were off down the tunnel, praise ringing in their ears for providing a watershed moment for football in the face of outright racism from the Romanian official. But as the dust settles, football – and sport as a whole – would do well to ponder what exactly the end game is in all of this, when offence for perceived slights from fringe members of proceedings causes far broader disruption. Cancelling matches, putting tournaments on hold, potentially scrapping entire seasons – this is the new normal for sports fans as events are ever more subject to the whims of social justice campaigns. Tuesday scenes followed the chastisement of fans in Englandfor booing players who were taking a knee– a frankly unsurprising development considering how keen football was to jump on the blacklivesmatter bandwagon, with scant thought given to the consequences. In light of that row, and with fans essentially being told to shut up if they had an issue with players kneeling, it not implausible to suggest that matches could be cancelled before they ve even got going – making the 14 minutes played in Tuesday game in Paris seem lengthy in comparison. Away from football, earlier this year Japanese tennis star Naomi Osaka withdrew from the Western and Southern Open in New York in protest after Jacob Blake, a black man, was shot by police. Pandering to Osaka, and itching to signal their own virtues, organizers put the entire tournament on hold, only for Osaka to reverse course and play her semi-final after all. Over in the NBA, so often held up as a gleaming paragon for sport social justice campaigns, players discussed boycotting this year play-offs entirely in protest over Blake shooting – a gesture which would somehow help stop police brutality. The crusaders for justice and equality will assert that these disruptions to sport are a small price to pay; indeed, the reaction from fans online showed widespread support for Basaksehir and PSG for their stance. But it easy to ride a tide of anger (much of which is often manufactured), and far harder to ask what comes next. Completely cleansing sport of derogatory remarks – be they racist, homophobic, misogynistic, or even comments such as Coltescu on Tuesday night – might be a laudable aim, but it also an unrealistic one. Equally, it is misguided to allow social justice causes to be hitched to sporting events when and where competitors feel like it, regardless of the consequences to fans – many of whom find the causes less than pertinent, even if protests are supposedly carried out in their name. The return of large crowds to football stadiums will only throw up more questions in what is already a markedly different landscape to the one before the Covid lockdown. What if the odd idiot among 50,000 fans casts a remark far more offensive than Coltescu’s? Based on Tuesday evidence, it seems we are willing to readily sacrifice matches. The players walk, while everyone else trudges off home or turns off the TV. The counter argument will be that, given his position, Coltescu should have picked his words more carefully. That true, but it also a stretch to argue that he the dyed-in the-wool racist that many are now making him out to be. Indeed, where do we draw the line? Football crowds chant about anything and everything, from overweight players to stereotypes about rival teams. Removing the more obvious racist bile seems easier, but how far do you go? Is potentially misheard abuse enough to halt a game? Is an individual athlete stance about a particular political or social cause enough to bring down entire events? On current form, this is the direction we re heading, especially if those causes align with the broader social justice topics which happen to be flavor of the month among liberal society. It worth noting that the uproar in Paris played out in front of empty stands at the Parc des Princes – a reminder that fans in some parts of the world continue to be starved of live sport during a year in which social protests of all stripes have gone ahead regardless. The specter of Covid-19 still hovers malevolently, but just as things are returning to some semblance of normality, fans now find themselves confronted with doubts over whether clumsy language, booing, or the social justice causes of particular individuals could yet deprive them of even more sport. What, ultimately, are the lengths we are willing to go to in order to reprimand people such as Coltescu, who used a term which has been seized upon as a racial slur, but which has also been defended as merely a descriptive term in his native tongue? Consequences which may once have seemed far-fetched are no longer so implausible in the current climate of sport proclivity for grandstanding, and the all-out arms race developing to prove who cares more about social justice buzzwords. There was novelty intermingled with anger over Tuesday scenes in France – but that novelty will soon wear off if fans have to witness walkouts and wokeness at any and every opportunity. By Liam Tyler ",https://www.rt.com/sport/509144-psg-istanbul-basaksehir-walkout-debate/
"9 Dec, 2020",4 people charged with criminal damage for toppling Edward Colston statue in Bristol during BLM protests,"The UK’s Crown Prosecution Service has announced four people will face charges of criminal damage after they tore down a statue of a historical figure linked with the slave trade during blacklivesmatter protests in the summer. The four are due to appear at Bristol Magistrates’ Court on January 25, prosecutors said on Wednesday. “The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against all four are now active and that they have the right to a fair trial,”a spokesman said, warning against reporting or commentary which could“in any way prejudice these proceedings.” The bronze state commemorating the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was closely associated with the slave trade, was pulled down during a blacklivesmatter (BLM) protest on June 7. Bristol City Council later recovered the statue after it was thrown into the harbour. The events reportedly caused £3,750 ($5024) worth of damage. No arrests were at the time, although Avon and Somerset Police launched an investigation. Videos taken at the scene show dozens of people gathering around Bristol Harbour to watch the disposal of the statue. The incident was part of a spate of activism across the UK earlier this year, largely inspired by the BLM movement in the US, with Bristol, a city built on the revenues of transatlantic commerce, one of the focal points of protests. A number of buildings and organisations in Bristol, including an independent school, still bear the name of Colston, who was also a Member of Parliament and philanthropist. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/509147-bristol-activists-charged-colston-statue/
"9 Dec, 2020",Turn left onto Diversity Grove: Birmingham council ridiculed for woke new street names,"From ‘Respect Way’ to ‘Diversity Grove,’ Birmingham City Council has named six new streets after a jumble of woke buzzwords. The new names have been ridiculed online, with one commenter calling them a “total embarrassment.” Birmingham City Council demolished the old Birmingham City University campus in 2018 to regenerate the Perry Barr area ahead of the 2022 Commonwealth Games. As well as developing infrastructure for the games, the council set toworkbuilding the first of 5,000 new homes. And, in the spirit of democracy, they asked locals to submit names for the first six roads in the development, names that“captured the essence of Perry Barr and Birmingham as a whole.” Whatever about the area, the names the council chose captured the essence of modern wokeness perfectly. Birmingham city council have just released the road names and I hate them so much jfcpic.twitter.com/3x9jgbSqAk The winners, announced on Tuesday, are ‘Equality Road’, ‘Inspire Avenue’, Destiny Road’, ‘Respect Way’, ‘Diversity Grove’ and ‘Humanity Close’ While the names might sound like they were cooked up by a gaggle of corporate diversity consultants, they were actually submitted by a woman from nearby Handsworth Wood, the Birmingham Mailreported. Labour Councillor Waseem Zaffar chaired the panel that chose her entry. While Zaffar proudly declared that the woman’s entries“struck a chord with everyone on the panel,”they were ridiculed online. One commentercalledthe names“patronising beyond belief,”and a“total embarrassment to the good folk of Perry Barr and Birmingham.” These new street names are completely vacuous with zero connection to the people, history or culture of Birmingham. Another über-Woke Labour initiative 🙄https://t.co/JmERvYhyAL Birmingham now the#wokestof the#woke.Presumably the Birmingham City Council Offices are situated in Complete Arsehole Drive.https://t.co/Qnnr8LAxqI The politicisation of our landscape continues. The utter meaningless banality of these new names speaks volumes about the new, hollow normal. Anyway, how’s about : Crass CloseCompliance CrescentWokeWash Wayhttps://t.co/sflLxzJ7is Others suggested the names were reminiscent of Ricky Gervais’ ‘The Office’ character, David Brent, and his cringe-inducing “political reggae” video, ‘Equality Street’. Even Brent’s own promotional Twitter account joined in the fun. David Brent spoke and@BhamCityCouncillistened. Fact.pic.twitter.com/GtCMPV8s7Thttps://t.co/GNJn4O6ftU Birmingham City Council isn’t the first local authority to immortalize the tenets of wokeness on its streets. As protests and riots consumed the US this summer, Washington DC Mayor Muriel Bowserrenameda section of street in front of the White House“ blacklivesmatter Plaza.”Like in Birmingham, the move was ridiculed as a prime example of liberal virtue signalling, and the local BLM chapter even wrote it off as“performative and a distraction.” Closer to Birmingham, London Mayor Sadiq Khan set up acommissionearlier this year to look over the capital’s statues, road names and public spaces to purge them of outdated and “racist” names. The committee, he said, will focus on“increasing representation among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic communities, women, the LGBTQ+ community and disability groups.” However, all of these woke crusades came long after New York unveiled the original social justice street name: the early-1990s“People With A.I.D.S. Plaza,”located just around the corner from City Hall. https://t.co/wt5eP3ZQyapic.twitter.com/DfDoSiyqJ5 ",https://www.rt.com/uk/509139-birmingham-woke-street-names/
"8 Dec, 2020",‘Bottled it’: Football club accused of appeasing racists after ditching blacklivesmatter kneeling in favor of stars linking arms,"The English football club at the center of a huge row after fans booed players for taking a pre-match knee at the weekend has announced that it will drop the gesture, receiving fresh criticism over a plan for players to link arms. Championship side Millwall strongly condemned fans who booed players while they took a knee before a match at their home ground of The Den on Saturday, creating a political storm on the first weekend in which supporters had been allowed to return to stadiums for elite matches. Now the club appears to have backtracked on the gesture by announcing that its team will not repeat the symbolism when they return to the scene on Tuesday, with teammates instead linking arms ahead of their match with near-neighbors Queens Park Rangers (QPR). The move wasreportedlyagreed during an ""explosive"" video call on Monday, when representatives from both clubs spoke to their counterparts from the Football Association, English Football League, Professional Footballers Association and anti-racism group Kick It Out. This is the start of a change. Millwall FC - disgraceful. You don’t appease racists. You identify them and ban them and continue with taking the knee. #Millwallhave bottled it and won’t be taking a knee any more. So I guess we’ll never know if their fans are repentant. Not sure people suddenly become not-racist overnight so maybe best for football that it is papered-over with slogans on shirts. ""Players from Millwall and Queens Park Rangers will stand arm-in-arm with each other in a show of solidarity for football’s fight against discrimination ahead of kick-off at The Den on Tuesday night,"" the club said in a statement. ""Millwall believe that this gesture, which the club hopes to repeat with other visiting teams in the coming weeks and months, will help to unify people throughout society in the battle to root out all forms of discrimination."" Both teams will also hold a banner in an act that the club called a ""positive move"" and claimed had received support from all of the organizations involved in the meeting. See...that wasn’t hard was it?! Simply change it from grovelling on their knees for the anti Semitic, violent BLM...and make it a more overarching, anti racism & anti discrimination campaign which EVERYONE can & should get behind! Simple 👍🏻👍🏽👍🏿 Far better than kneeling & supporting the BLM thugs. If footballers stand arm-in-arm in solidarity and stop taking the knee to BLM there will be no protests. Time to get BLM out of mainstream debate. Leaders vowed to ban anyone found guilty of racial abuse for life and said that some QPR players would still be taking the knee, while the Kick it Out logo will replace the Lions sponsor on players shirts for the game. The announcement appeared to be just as divisive as Saturday controversy, with critics variously praising the club for ditching the taking of the knee, which is seen as synonymous with the blacklivesmatter (BLM) campaign, and accusing the club of being weak. ""Millwall have bottled it and won’t be taking a knee any more,""said one, responding to a tweet that revealed the fans at the game would be likely to include those who booed on Saturday as a result of the way limited tickets are being allocated during the pandemic. It isn’t a stand against racism it’s pandering to racists - shame on Millwall and QPR. Giving in after one setback is an indication the boo boy racists have won again Disgusting club, Colchester chairman hit the nail on the head, they don’t deserve a place in the football league with that attitude, I feel so sorry for their BAME players. ""So I guess we’ll never know if their fans are repentant. Not sure people suddenly become not-racist overnight, so maybe it best for football that it is papered over with slogans on shirts."" Others were relieved.""See - that wasn’t hard, was it?""one asked.""Simply change it from grovelling on their knees for the anti-Semitic, violent BLM and make it a more over-arching, anti-racism and anti-discrimination campaign which everyone can and should get behind."" Supporters of taking the knee said that Millwall should have taken the same approach as Colchester chairman Robbie Cowling, who publicly offered fans who booed a refund on their season tickets on Monday. Just a reminder that you can be both pro anti-racism and anti blacklivesmatter , as am I, and suspect the majority of the country are also. The two aren t contradictory statements. The Colchester chairman put himself and anyone who agrees with his moronic notion to shame. Well done to Milwall for finding a neutral gesture - not being a symbol for a far left movement. Every player should take the knee still don’t give in to the loud minority because they don’t have to go to games if it upsets the delicate snowflakes so much. ""It isn’t a stand against racism,""blasted one.""It’s pandering to racists - shame on Millwall and QPR."" Nigel Farage, the leader of the Brexit Party known for his forthright political views, welcomed the decision. ""If footballers stand arm-in-arm in solidarity and stop taking the knee to BLM, there will be no protests,""he declared on Twitter, racking up thousands of retweets and likes.""Time to get BLM out of the mainstream debate."" Millwall also announced that they would be widening their community work and carrying out their first-ever audit of board members and staff, promising ""equality, diversity and inclusion in all areas of operations."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/508999-millwall-booing-linking-arms/
"7 Dec, 2020",‘Wear a mask’ has been named the most notable quote of 2020 – because ‘do what you’re told’ was too on the nose,"The celebration of unquestioning obedience accompanying the Covid-19 pandemic has turned individuals into spineless drones. Nothing makes that clearer than corona czar Fauci’s “wear a mask” scold being named quote of the year. is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram Out of every phrase written or uttered over the past twelve months, Yale Law School librarian Fred Shapiro chose Anthony Fauci’s finger-wagging“wear a mask”as the top quote of 2020, as if to administer one last slap in the face to free will and rational thought. It is a very sick society indeed that celebrates knee-jerk obedience to an ever-shifting narrative and praises fear as the highest form of human emotion. Fauci’s quote and nine others are set to be included in the Yale Book of Quotations, a compendium of memorable epigrams, witticisms, slogans, and other short lines. Shapiro has previously explained he selects quotes that are“famous or revealing of the spirit of the times”rather than“eloquent or admirable”.But putting a banal, borderline-meaningless diktat like“wear a mask”next to famous lines such as PT Barnum’s“There’s a sucker born every minute”andFrederick Douglass’“Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will” comes off like a bad joke. After all, it’s not just the coronavirus commissar’s banality rounding out the top 10. Most of the other quotes selected for 2020 represent vapid political sniping so forgettable the average reader will scarcely be able to recall when they were said, let alone by whom, come the end of the year. White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany’s throwaway pledge during her first press briefing back in May(“I will never lie to you. You have my word on that”)somehow made number five, while Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden’s bizarre“If you have a problem figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black”outburst on Charlamagne tha God’s radio show clocked in at number seven. The closest thing to a meaningful statement among the top 10 was“I can’t breathe” –the last words of police brutality victim George Floyd, which have become a rallying cry for the blacklivesmatter movement. But even that phrase has been cheapened into a slogan to be sold as a souvenir ofcorporate-friendly ’resistance’and shouted during ritualistic protests that authority tolerates as a release valve for popular frustration. Heralding petty political divisions and cultlike appeals to obedience as “quotes of the year” suggests the American body politic is so hopelessly lost that any rule handed down with a patina of authority is immediately followed. After all, Fauci initially advised Americansagainstwearing masks, making the selection of his reversal as the year’s top quote all the more baffling. The health official told the ‘60 Minutes’ show back in March that“there’s no reason to be walking around with a mask,”explaining that,“when you’re in the middle of an outbreak, wearing a mask might make people ‘feel’ a little bit better … but it’s not providing the perfect protection that people think that it is.” Guidance on masks has shifted repeatedly since then, with each new iteration held up as the absolute truth to which all must bow or risk ostracism (or at least a hefty fine). The World Health Organization, which initially acknowledged universal masking for healthy people wasoverkill, declared last week that everyone shouldwear masks inside. Some local health authorities are even calling for masks to be worn at home – even as the science concerning themremains inconclusiveat best and flaws emerge in the‘gold standard’Covid-19 test itself. The media establishment has been treating humans like foie gras ducks since the start of the pandemic, taking advantage of the captive audience served up by lockdown to force-feed gallons of fear-porn down their throats. We’re told again and again that it’s a terrifying world out there and only stern, finger-wagging authority figures can save us – thinking too hard merely transmits the virus. It’s no wonder so many are wallowing in throwaway lines from insult comics masquerading as politicians, or melting at the sound of Fauci or Microsoft billionaire Bill Gates threatening a long, dark winter if we don’t sit down, shut up, and mask up. But if the best we as a society can come up with for a year-defining quote is“wear a mask,”we might as well throw in the towel on any pretense of having free will or independent thought. Humanity is better than this, and no amount of dull-witted gaslighting will convince the truly free to love their chains. If you like this story, share it with a friend! ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508955-wear-mask-quote-2020-covid/
"7 Dec, 2020",‘Reap WHAT YOU SOW’: Dems now find intimidating protests unacceptable after Trump supporters target Michigan secretary of state,"Democrats have condemned armed Trump supporters who protested outside the home of Michigan’s top election overseer, but conservatives questioned why there was no such outrage over intimidation tactics used by left-wing groups. Michigan’s Democrat Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson said dozens of armed people stood outside her home on Saturday night, shouting obscenities and chanting into bullhorns just as her four-year-old son was preparing to watch‘How the Grinch Stole Christmas’.Theprotestersinsisted that the results of the presidential election be overturned, she said, adding that“the demands made outside my home were unambiguous, loud and threatening.” The individuals gathered outside my home targeted me as Michigan’s Chief Election officer. But their threats were actually aimed at the 5.5million Michigan citizens who voted in this fall’s election, seeking to overturn their will. They will not succeed in doing so. My statement:pic.twitter.com/RSUnPSN4Aa The protesters targeted Benson after conservative media reports said Michigan’s Board of Elections – under her leadership and allegedly in violation of a legislative order – directed county clerks todeleteall election-related data from their computer systems. She has also been accused of giving Michigan voter data to left-wing activist groupRock the Vote, and sending unsolicited absentee ballot applications throughout the state without regard for voter eligibility. President Donald Trump’s campaign has filed lawsuits in Michigan and other swing states, alleging that hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes were used to steal the election on behalf of Democrat Joe Biden. Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel and Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy, also Democrats, called the protest at Benson’s home“mob-like behavior”and“an affront to basic morality and decency.”They added,“This disturbing behavior masquerading as protest should be called out for what it is and roundly condemned by citizens and public officials alike.” .@MIAttyGen@dananesseland Wayne County Prosecutor@KymLWorthyissued the following joint statement regarding the protest in front of Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson’s home Saturday night:pic.twitter.com/RTTO5F2JEu Democrat supporters also rallied to Benson’s defense. Media outlets such as CBS News andMSNBCreferred to the state official being threatened with violence, while the Independent called the protesters an“armed mob.”Sherrilyn Ifill, president of the NAACP’s legal defense fund, called for“bipartisan condemnation”of the protest.“Jocelyn Benson is a superb public servant, and it’s tragic that she and others have to endure this menacing,”she added in a tweet, while New York Times writerKathy Grayreferred to the“current and sad state of the discourse.” This is what’s been unleashed. There should be bipartisan condemnation in Michigan and around the country. Jocelyn Benson is a superb public servant and it’s tragic that she and others have to endure this menacing.https://t.co/myZl7pvIS5 California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said Benson was being threatened“for doing her job and doing it well.”Civil rights lawyer Kristen Clarke agreed, saying“any elected official with an ounce of dignity who cares about public safety and democracy would condemn this too. Silence is complicity.” My friend,@jocelynbenson, is facing threats and intimidation for doing her job and doing it well. Join me in thanking her for standing strong, and for protecting Michiganders’ votes and our free and fair elections.https://t.co/hqkO60tQa0 I condemn the violent rhetoric and threats of violence being levied against Michigan Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson and her family.Any elected official with an ounce of dignity who cares about public safety and democracy would condemn this too. Silence is complicity.https://t.co/CZ3tEoKxPS But conservatives argued that no such condemnations were made by Democrats when left-wing groups targeted politicians and other people with intimidating and sometimes violent demonstrations. In August, for instance, a group stood outside US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s home in Kentucky calling for the Republican to be murdered. One of the participants said,“Just stab the motherf**ker in the heart, please.” Isn’t protesting at politicians’ homes the new normal?https://t.co/6J16nYLC1z Antifa rioters in Portland attacked the building where the city mayor lived. A St. Louis couple was indicted on weapons charges for brandishing their guns after blacklivesmatter protesters broke through the gate of their private subdivision in June and allegedly threatened to burn their house down and kill them. Even random residents of US cities have been targeted this year. BLM demonstrators in Portland marched through residential areas late at night in August, shouting at residents through bullhorns and shining lights into windows. That same month, BLM demonstrators in Seattle went into a residential area anddemandedthat white people move out of the neighborhood and give their property to blacks. After some of Benson’s defenders called for statepoliceor the National Guard tocrack downon pro-Trump protesters, one Twitter commenter said:“Funny how the defund-the-police and government-is-fascist crowd suddenly want police and military when it isn’t your side. Dems started the at-home harassment. Reap what you sow.” Funny how the defund the police and government is fascist crowd suddenly want police and military when it isn t your side. Dems started the at home harrassment. Reap what you sow Others pointed out that, unlike previous actions by violent left-wing groups, the Bensonprotestersdecried by media outlets didn’tloot, damage property, orharmanyone. Beyond remaining largely silent about this year wave of violent protests, some Democrats have even condoned confrontations, leading to harassment of Trump administration officials. US RepresentativeMaxine Waters(D-California) called on her supporters in 2018 to harass members of the Trump administration when they’re seen in public,“create a crowd”and“push back on them.” One observer suggested that the shoe should now be on the other foot:“As Maxine Waters says, give them no peace.” As Maxine Waters says Give them NO PEACE.HUNT Them out Give them no peace you are not welcome ANYWHERE in America. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/508946-michigan-secretary-state-house-protest/
"7 Dec, 2020",Piers Morgan scorched after calling Millwall football fans ‘idiots’ for booing kneeling players,"Piers Morgan slammed fans of Millwall Football Club who booed players for taking a knee in support of the blacklivesmatter movement during a Sunday Championship match against Derby, earning himself praise and pushback. On Monday’s Good Morning Britain, Morgan berated both the fans and UK Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab as“idiots”for taking a stand against the kneeling. The host said the players’ critics“don t know what they are talking about,”referring to the fact that Raab had in the past said the gesture to take a knee seemed to have come from the fantasy TV show ‘Game of Thrones’. Morgan schooled the critics, pointing out that it was US Army Green Beret Nate Boyer who had suggested kneeling as an appropriate form of protest against police brutality to NFL player Colin Kaepernick who popularised it in 2016. ‘Is this what you want your club to be?’@Piersmorgangives his opinion on Millwall fans booing players taking the knee to show support for BLM.He also reveals how taking the knee to protest racial injustice came about.pic.twitter.com/V4hZyzEsjH “Dominic Raab, I m sorry, is an idiot who didn t know what he was talking about,”the host said, adding,“And because he said that, everyone believes it who wants to believe it. It reinforces, it a dog whistle to these idiots down at Millwall.” The GMB host then concluded by saying he“knows not all”Millwall fans are the same.“And I simply say to them – ‘is this what you want your club to be?’” Morgan’s stance turned out to be highly controversial on social media, as many said that Britons were“sick to death of BLM”and the host was“out of touch with the majority of public opinion.” People are sick to death of blm,I thought piers had his finger in the pulse, This shouldn’t be allowed on a pitch ...BLM are a political movement and Want to defund the police !! No one approves of racism , BLM is not the way ! Once again out of touch with the majority of public opinion. When are buffoons like this gonna realise that people have had enough of being told what to think?? Others thought Morgan misunderstood the issue entirely, saying that the booing had“nothing to do with racism,”as fans were ostensibly booing“ridiculous”support for BLM as a political movement that is“invading sport.” ❤️ you to bits Piers. My fav. But when the cops knelt to BLM it became political. That’s why the crowd booed. They’re tired of the lectures. Nothing to do with racism. Move on. We’re not the 51st state. I don’t believe you share their political objectives either. Decent people abhor the booing, however most fans are just annoyed at the way politics has invaded sport. How would people react if sport invaded politics and MPs were asked to take the knee before every session of Parliament. They weren t booing black players, they were booing ridiculous support for BLM a political Marxist organisation that wants to get rid of police, overthrow our way of life etc. Nobody should be forced to support a political organisation they don t believe in. What makes me laugh is they boo them then a black player scores and they will cheer them and say how amazing they are!! Don’t get it🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️ Some commenters, however, were surprised to agree with Morgan, often seen as an opponent of social justice causes.“Why can’t people let others show their beliefs without trying to shout them down?”pondered one person. OMG!! I actually agree with piers. 😱 If you don’t agree with it stay quiet. Why can’t people let others show their beliefs without trying to shout them down? Spot on this morning Mr Morgan. Some people don t even realise black people have been taking the knee even before this so called political movement was formed. There is nothing political about saying treat us like everyone else. Others who shared Morgan’s point of view even thought that the players didn t go far enough and“should have refused to play”to“make a stand”against the booing fans. @piersmorgan@GMBI think the Millwall players should have refused to play..to make a stand that its not on for their so called fans to boo them Millwall defender Mahlon Romeo said he felt“personally disrespected”after the crowd booed both teams at the beginning of the first game fans could attend during the pandemic. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/508899-pierce-morgan-millwall-blm/
"7 Dec, 2020",English football boss tells fans to ‘stay away’ if they boo players taking a knee – but supporters decry hypocritical intolerance,"The owner of English club Colchester United, Robbie Cowling, has warned fans booing the pre-match ‘take a knee’ ritual to stay away from the club – but some supporters say anger at the politicized’ gesture will only mount. A section of Colchester’s 1,000-strong support for their League Two game against Grimsby at the weekend were heard booing when the players took a knee briefly before the match started, leading club chairman Cowling to label their actions“ridiculous.” In a statement issued on Monday, the 60-year-old said anyone taking issue with the protests should“stay away”from the club – even offering to reimburse them if they return their season tickets. “Maybe those that booed on Saturday might now understand what this gesture means to our club and will at the very least remain silent during future games whilst the players continue to take the knee before each kick-off,”Cowling fumed. 📄 Colchester United chairman Robbie Cowling has issued the following statement about Saturday game against Grimsby Town. 👇#ColU “Alternatively, they should just stay away from our club because anyone that still wants to boo now that I have explained the purpose and importance of the taking of the knee is not welcome at our club. “I will be happy to refund anyone for the remaining value of their season permit if that is the reason they feel they can no longer attend our games.” The Colchester boss urged fans to applaud while players took a knee, in an attempt to drown out anyone daring to boo the gesture which is strongly associated with the Black Lines Matter movement. A post shared by Colchester United FC (@colu_official) The issue of fans jeering during what has become a pre-match ritual became a hot topic at the weekend as supporters across England were allowed back into grounds for the first time since the Covid-19 pandemic struck. Fans at Championship club Millwall were heard loudly booing as players dropped to one knee for their game against Derby, earning supporters of the London club opprobrium from large swathes of the UK press and numerous TV pundits. Crowds at Millwall boo players taking the knee. I’m not sure why clubs are still doing this? BLM, outside of the laudable slogan, is now a political party and one with aims to overthrow the state, defund the police and to divide us as much as possible!pic.twitter.com/WziolE7g81 However, UK Environment Minister George Eustice refused to condemn the booing, saying that the BLM-inspired protests had become politicized. “My personal view is that blacklivesmatter – capital B, L and M – is actually a political movement that is different to what most of us believe in, which is standing up for racial equality,""Eustice said. ""Each individual can take their own choices about how they reflect this and I know a number of people feel quite strongly and have taken that approach.” While the statement from Colchester chairman Cowling was unsurprisingly met with gushing praise, some fans claimed that the stance to keep away any dissenters from the stadium reeked of a lack of tolerance. One fan said he would no longer attend matches, and others picked up on the ardently left-wing agenda that members of the BLM movement have espoused. I’m not a Season Ticket holder, but I have attended games intermittently for over forty years. If@ColU_Officialno longer supports#FreedomOfSpeech& the#RightToProtestthen unfortunately I can no longer support you.@SpeechUnion@oflynnsocial If the FA branded this “Equality” most sane football fans would be completely onside. Conflation with the organisation BLM (either deliberate or coincidental) is what turns many off. Read BLM manifesto if you want to understand why. It’s as bad as 1980s NF in toxicity. Totally agree with Robbie and those that booed should be ashamed....but I also understand the reason for and against taking the knee and my personal opinion is that it now needs to be taking the knee for ALL LIVES MATTER I m not sure calling fans opposed the group who vandalised Churchill statue ""ridiculous"" is good customer relations. Football needs to tolerate political diversity. You can start by ""educating yourself"", to borrow a BLM phrase, by reading Brendan O Neill s@spikedonlinearticle After the initial booing at Saturday’s game against Grimsby, which Colchester won 2-1, goalscoring hero Callum Harriott had called out the boo boys in the crowd, branding them“ridiculous.” Absolutely Disappointed today ! Before kick off taking the kneel in support of blacklivesmatter and hearing our crowd is BOOING 😡 ridiculous.@ColU_Officialpic.twitter.com/rrFGGpRxDW But with continued accusations of the protests being an empty stunt or politicized gesture, and with anger from disgruntled fans mounting at having the pre-match ritual foisted upon them, it seems unlikely that Colchester and Millwall will be isolated incidents moving forward for the remainder of the season. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/508887-colchester-fans-booing-take-knee/
"7 Dec, 2020",‘World full of snowflakes’: Bizarre homophobia row breaks out after Premier League star celebrates goal by destroying flag (VIDEO),"Premier League poacher Jamie Vardy has been criticized for his celebration after scoring a last-minute winner while playing for Leicester City, with viewers desperate to take offense spotting that he had damaged a campaign symbol. Former England striker Vardy was booked for showing his unbridled joy after scoring in the 90th minute to give Leicester three points at Sheffield United, running across to upend a corner flag by sliding across the turf feet-first. Despite the fiery forward long-established penchant for taking out his emotions on corner flags, some sensitive reactionaries asked whether Vardy had targeted the pole because it carried the rainbow sign of the Premier League high-profile anti-homophobia initiative. ""That what Vardy thinks about the rainbow corner flag,""said one seemingly jokey tweet, adding a series of crying emojis, while another seemingly sarcastic response suggested:""I may be reading too much into this, but Vardy has never done this to a normal corner flag. That’s what vardy thinks about the rainbow corner flag 😭😭😭pic.twitter.com/A2cXpyBjYG I may be reading a bit much into this, but Vardy has never done this to a normal corner flag. As soon as it is a corner flag supporting gay pride, he destroys it. Sends out a horrible message. I’m furious.pic.twitter.com/6ltMScHruf The homophobia in the replies 🤦🏽‍♀️ gosh, when will the world heal? Love is love. 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈 ""As soon as it is a corner flag supporting gay pride, he destroys it. Sends out a horrible message. I’m furious."" Those jibes quickly gave way to predictable self-righteousness from social media political correctness police. ""If this was put in place for the National Health Service and he did this, there would be uproar,""argued one eager lecturer. Now if this was put in place for the NHS and he did this there would be uproar but because it’s presumably for LGBT within football it’s perfectly acceptable to be homophobic?sound lads, sound. all the respect 💙pic.twitter.com/qpQuC2l2HV Well how do you explain him putting it back together?pic.twitter.com/WtGHJRRLrp ""But because it’s presumably for LGBT within football, it’s perfectly acceptable to be homophobic? Sound, lads. Sound."" Another said:""The homophobia in the replies...gosh, when will the world heal? Love is love."" Vardy has regularly carried out the harmless celebration on corner flags throughout his prolific career, usually preferring to punch them while adding to his remarkable total of 112 goals. He just scored the winner against the team he hates.. he not done it because he in any way homophobic, he done it because he just got carried away celebrating a goal.. loads of player do that to corner flags, you re trying to make a massive drama out of nothing 🙄pic.twitter.com/08EXblocIk Here’s vardy punching a flag with a Leicester badge on it must mean he hates Leicester right? 🙄🤦🏻‍♂️pic.twitter.com/D7PqWZh8xA World full of snowflakes its gone mad 🤦🏻‍♂️ His delight was exacerbated by the fact that his latest dramatic strike came against the team who are arch-rivals with the team he grew up supporting, neighbors Sheffield Wednesday. The 33-year-old and his teammates were supporting the Premier League Rainbow Laces project during a weekend which had been mired in controversy after fans, players and viewers clashed over fans booing the taking of a knee in support of blacklivesmatter before a Championship game. Leicester players have previously been outspoken about the support they would give to an openly gay player. ""We ve got a very accepting changing room,"" England midfielder James Maddisonsaidlast year. I liked this a few hours ago thinking it was taking the pee, looks like I may have underestimated the effort to be outraged People thinking this is serious. Peak Football Twitter. A Sheffield Wednesday fan, scores in the 90 minute to get a win over Sheffield United and cause he kicks a flag that has a rainbow on he’s now homophobic 🙈 the world has gone mad!!! ""I think if one of our teammates was to come out and say they were gay, nothing changes."" Defender Ben Chilwell, who has since switched to Chelsea, added:""We ve got different countries together, different religions and different races. ""Everyone is so together at Leicester, and I know that the same with other clubs. If there was someone who wanted to come out as gay, that completely fine."" ",https://www.rt.com/sport/508875-jamie-vardy-corner-flag/
"7 Dec, 2020",So much for ‘defund the police’? Cops beat BLM protesters outside LA Mayor Garcetti’s home (VIDEO),"Clashes broke out between cops and blacklivesmatter activists outside the home of Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, who made huge cuts to the city’s police budget in solidarity with the racial justice protesters. The skirmish erupted during a protest in front of the mayor’s residence organized by BLM. For nearly two weeks, the group has been holding daily demonstrations demanding that Garcetti not be offered a cabinet position, if Joe Biden is confirmed as president-elect. The activists say that Garcetti’s poor handling of transportation and homelessness in the city should exclude him from any job in Washington DC. According to BLM-LA, protesters had peacefully assembled near Garcetti’s mansion on Sunday morning when officers“advanced without warning and violently attacked”them. For the past two weeks, we have been holding peaceful gatherings outside Mayor Garcetti’s mansion, urging@JoeBidento commit to keeping our failed mayor out of his administration. On Day 13, LAPD advanced without warning and violently attacked us.#BlockGarcettipic.twitter.com/xWn3JFwgdY A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Department told local media that the cops engaged in“crowd management”after spotting an individual unlawfully using a bullhorn and attempted to make an arrest. Footage of the fracas shows police in riot gear swinging their batons at demonstrators as shouts and screams come from the crowd. Several protesters are seen trying to block the blows as they scuffle with the cops, resulting in some people being pushed to the ground. L.A.@MayorOfLAEric Garcetti is a big “defund the police” guy. But he’ll still order 100 of them to guard his personal residence, batons swinging, when citizens show up to protest.pic.twitter.com/ciUqF9Qm86 The officers eventually declared an unlawful assembly and made one arrest. A leader of the racial justice group claimed that at least two protesters were hospitalized, with one person having their teeth knocked out during the clashes. Amid the violent skirmish, critics recalled with irony the Garcetti’s self-proclaimed solidarity with BLM. The LA mayor had attended a large march back in June, and pushed through a $150 million budget cut to the LAPD. However, he resisted calls from ‘Defund the Police’ activists to slash the city’s police budget by 90 percent. Garcetti has become a target for activists from across the political spectrum. A group of demonstrators angry over his Covid-19 restrictions gathered outside the mayor’s home later on Sunday. In front of LA Mayor Eric Garcetti’s House.https://t.co/B5c5vB97hA ",https://www.rt.com/usa/508857-garcetti-blm-house-protest/
"6 Dec, 2020",‘It is a political movement’: British minister in row as fans boo ‘divisive woke politics’ of blacklivesmatter kneeling (VIDEO),"The return of some fans to football in England this weekend has been marred by controversy after players took a pre-match knee to support blacklivesmatter (BLM), leading to booing at one game and a range of outraged responses. Defender Mahlon Romeo was furious and striker Colin Kazim-Richards responded by lifting his fist as some supporters at London club Millwall, where 2,000 fans were allowed to attend for the first time during the pandemic, could be heard booing from the stands while the gesture was carried out before kick-off in a Championship match. Both sets of players were accused of performing another empty gesture, while a wider argument broke out about the politicisation of sporting events and the disconnect between liberal campaigning and personal choice. “The fans who have been let in today have personally disrespected not just me but the football club,""Millwall star Romeo told theSouth London Press, angrily adding that the match had been made ""irrelevant"" by the reaction of the fans while claiming that their boos demonstrated the ongoing problem of racism in society. Crowds at Millwall boo players taking the knee. I’m not sure why clubs are still doing this? BLM, outside of the laudable slogan, is now a political party and one with aims to overthrow the state, defund the police and to divide us as much as possible!pic.twitter.com/WziolE7g81 Sorry, these gestures have no place in football. Deal with racism but stop this inane, divisive virtue signalling. This is what courage looks like. As Millwall morons booed players for kneeling to show solidarity against racial injustice - one man ⁦@ColinKazim⁩ stood up to them in heroic defiance. 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏pic.twitter.com/vfGtuyzasP ""What they’ve done is booed and condemned a peaceful gesture which was put in place to highlight, combat and stop any discriminatory behavior and racism. That’s it – that’s all that gesture is. “And the fans have chosen to boo that, which for the life of me I can’t understand. It has offended me and everyone who works for this club – the players and the staff. “I’m speaking on behalf of myself here – not any of the other players, I want to make that very clear. This is the first time I feel disrespected. My personal view is that blacklivesmatter is a political movement that is different to what most of us believe in, which is standing up for racial equality. George Eustice reacts to footage of Millwall fans booing footballer for taking a knee.https://t.co/7d85kNDhUMpic.twitter.com/cOVJjki8i0 Yes but we have the Kick It Out Campaign which works already. This is different. To me it is subservient gesture to say “I’m sorry!” Sorry for what, being alive 300 years after some horrible things happened? If so then I do not need to be part of it hence the shout “Get on!” No, what *you* need to understand is that a minuscule 5 second kneeling gesture, to remind people that treating people badly based solely on their race is unacceptable is not ‘a protracted moral lecture’. If people can’t observe it or see the point of it, *THEY* are the problem. “I’m almost lost for words. I don’t know how they thought that would make me feel. I don’t know what they thought taking a knee stood for."" Many fans and political figures clearly remained unconvinced and confused, voicing their frustrations and misgivings with an act that has frequently seen athletes criticized after exercising their right not to take part in the US. ""Why all the fuss about Millwall fans making their views known when their players take the knee?""asked Susan Hall, of the Greater London Authority Conservatives. There’s also a fairly simple ideal.That you can go (and pay) to watch a football match to enjoy football & a little escapism from the ‘real’ world, without politics.It’s like saying that every facet of life has to have a political point.Will they take the knee at the opera? So at the next millwall game when teams take the knee before the game, will be interesting to see what happens. What millwall did yesterday was underline exactly why it needs to happen because despite all the coverage, the message isnt hitting home with certain groups. Inc you I actually agree with Paul on this one. It was a powerful moving act of solidarity the first time. Now it part of the routine, it lost its meaning just like the clap for carers went on too long. It should be done every now and then not before every single match ""They are entitled to their views. I’m not in the least surprised they dislike the subservient gesture. BLM is now a political group wishing to defund the police. Ludicrous."" BLM official website calls for an investment in communities rather than law enforcement.""We know that police don’t keep us safe,""it argues. ""As long as we continue to pump money into our corrupt criminal justice system at the expense of housing, health, and education investments, we will never be truly safe."" Black and White Together. 🤍🖤@rosenior_liam23,@TheCurtisDavies,@DuaneHolmesand@GeorgeEvans70on why the Rams will continue to take the knee before matches.Read the full feature in 𝗧𝗵𝗲 𝗥𝗮𝗺𝗽𝗮𝗴𝗲 for free👇 I find it more disturbing that now players and sport in general know what BLM are about they continue with this nonsence. ""Quite shocking"" is how a presenter on@SkyNewsjust described Millwall fans booing players taking the knee yesterday. It wasn t shocking at all. Not to anyone living in the real world. It was entirely predictable.Fans don t want divisive woke politics at football matches. 🤷🏻‍♀️ The display of discontent could herald more examples across the coming months as limited numbers of fans return to stadiums in the UK, echoing the row during and after an FC Dallas match in the US in which booing could be heard from around 3,000 fans. Dallas defender Reggie Cannon called the reaction ""disgraceful"" and ""absolutely disgusting"" adding:""You ve got fans booing you for people taking a stand for what they believe in. “Millions of other people support this cause. We discussed with every other team and the league what we’re going to do and we’ve got fans booing us in our own stadium."" #Millwallhave released the following club statement Why all the fuss about Millwall fans making their views known when their players ‘take the knee’ ? - they are entitled to their views. I’m not in the least surprised they dislike the subservient gesture. BLM is now a political group wishing to defund the police. Ludicrous My god... George Eustice just told@SophyRidgeSkythe Millwall morons who booed players taking the knee should always be respected. What a shameful response from a Govt minister. The UK environment minister, George Eustice, did not condemn the booing but told a TV news program that racism in football should be ""called out and challenged"". “My personal view is that blacklivesmatter - capital B, L and M - is actually a political movement that is different to what most of us believe in, which is standing up for racial equality,""he said. ""Each individual can take their own choices about how they reflect this and I know a number of people feel quite strongly and have taken that approach. ""With everything that been going on... it was very surprising, no-one condones that sort of behaviour""Derby caretaker manager Wayne#Rooneyafter Millwall fans booed both sets of players as they took knee in support of blacklivesmatter yesterday.pic.twitter.com/3oePFUm2cI Millwall fans showed their disgust to kneeling players at the first match they were allowed to attend. The look on players faces as the loud thunder of boos was omitted from a small crowd allowed to attend. Well done lads for showing the way. You set an excellent benchmark 👍 Personally I’m glad the millwall fans booed the kneel because now you will see if there is a genuine attempt from the fa to remove this mindset from the game or if all this kneeling is just tokenism ""If people choose to express their view in a particular way, that should always be respected.” Millwall, who have spent decades attempting to improve their reputation after incidents of racial abuse from the stands, issued a statement shortly after Eustice remarks saying they were ""dismayed and saddened"" by the boos. ""The club has worked tirelessly in recent months to prepare for the return of supporters,""they said. ""What should have been a positive and exciting occasion was completely overshadowed, much to the immense disappointment and upset of those who have contributed to those efforts. ""The players are continuing to use the biggest platform they have to support the drive for change, not just in football but in society generally."" Long-serving Romeo warned fans not to ""spread hatred"" and claimed the booing had ""basically f*cked off"" the club community efforts, which he said had been ""undone and attacked"". ""I feel really low – probably the lowest I’ve felt in my time at this club,""the 25-year-old admitted. ""I’m not trying to stop or contain – but if your beliefs and views oppose a positive change in society then don’t come to a football ground and spread them around. “When fans are booing a peaceful gesture to highlight racism, it naturally makes you ask yourself, ‘why am I putting myself through this?’ Millwall players had previously issued a statement announcing that they would continue to take a knee until the end of 2020. ",https://www.rt.com/sport/508830-millwall-blm-booing-video/
"6 Dec, 2020","How blacklivesmatter , a Marxist political movement, toppled the establishment to become Art’s #1 powerbrokers","Arts Review has named BLM as the most dominant force in the art world – the first time a movement rather than an individual has been voted top. It just demonstrates all that’s wrong in the woke world of modern culture. is an artist, art critic and author. Hisbook‘Iconoclasm, Identity Politics and the Erasure of History’ is published by Societas. Follow him on Twitter@AdamsArtist is an artist, art critic and author. Hisbook‘Iconoclasm, Identity Politics and the Erasure of History’ is published by Societas. Follow him on Twitter@AdamsArtist A 2020 “power list” issued by a leading arts magazine this week names blacklivesmatter as the most powerful force in the art world. This assessment from Art Review may appal and discourage, but it is entirely accurate. This year, BLM has swept across the West like wildfire (figuratively and literally), inspiring mobs to topple statues, deface monuments and burn buildings. Even so, too few people realise how deeply arts administrators back this self-avowed Marxist political movement. Far from striking from outside the establishment, BLM’s hostility to traditional European and American culture is entirely in tune with mainstream thinking within the arts, academia and government. A new generation (trained in identity politics and grievance studies at university) believes it must back activism. It is not so much a question of staff choosing between personal politics and duty – many organisations have diversity, equity and inclusion policies that institute social justice as organisational policy. When the BLM protests (quickly followed by riots) arose after the death of George Floyd in late May, the art world was keen to quickly get involved. TheTateissued a statement backing BLM. Artists donated to the movement and arranged auctions. Creative Capital, which “funds innovative and adventurous artists... who shape the future”outlinedhow to support BLM. The New York Times listed a graffitiedstatueof Robert E. Lee in Richmond, Virginia as its number 1 example of protest art in the last 75 years. BLM-supporting London Mayor Sadiq Khan vowed to“diversify”the city’s monuments and place names. The director of the Institute of Contemporary Art (ICA) in London celebrated the toppling of the Bristol statue of Edward Colston. Hewroteenthusiastically: “They all need to go!” (A bold statement for a registered charity, which is forbidden by law from engaging in political campaigning.) The ICA is a centre ofartivism, dependent on public funding and donations because it has a tiny audience. ItsTwitteraccount supposedly has 190,400 followers, but most of its posts have between 2 and 8 “likes”. So much for contemporary art, but how could a movement linked to iconoclasm be embraced by historical museums? Sympathy for BLM’s narrative of racial injustice, however, is widespread in museums. Linking slavery to the foundation of the USA – apparent in The New York Times’sthe 1619 Project, a political (and biased) reinterpretation of history – started in 2019 and had already paved the way for BLM. The association of museum professionals in the UK hasstated, “We unreservedly support initiatives to decolonise museums and their collections”. It actively demands increased state support while wishing to use museums as political platforms – only promoting one side of the political spectrum, naturally. Museum staff are embarrassed by historical artefacts and terrified of being accused of elitism or racism. So, when the riots and protests broke out, the museum sector was willing to bend the knee. The British Museum engaged in the symbolichumiliationof its founder, citing slavery links. In the summer, the Smithsonian in Washington DC, issued a guide to“white culture”that was so controversial it had to be withdrawn. Museums in Western Europe hastened to put ondisplaysabout European culpability for slavery. Only a few historians have been brave enough to point out that displays and repatriations are often gravely biased. In a recentessay, historian Robert Tombs has written of how museums have presented distorted understandings of slavery. While the North Atlantic slave trade is well documented and commemorated, other slave trades go unmentioned. Tombs’s example is enslavement and brutality by the Asante (or Ashanti) people in West Africa. Researching my latest book, I read histories of Aztec slavery and human sacrifice. There is no part of the world – and no race – that has not at some time engaged in slavery. Portraying the North Atlantic slave trade as uniquely evil is a central tenet of American race activists, including BLM. Dwelling on slavery is encouraged by lucrative industries of academia, publishing and consultancy. A glimmer of hope comes with resistance of black intellectuals such as Coleman Hughes. In hisreviewof Robin DiAngelo’s White Fragility, Hughes calls it a “masterful exploitation of white guilt” and “zealotry disguised as scholarship”. But for white arts professionals to break ranks to condemn BLM’s tacit support for mass vandalism, destruction and looting of property is a rare act. A climate of fear in the arts prevents honest discussion of race activists’ violence against cultural material. BLM has come to dominate the art world not by kicking open museum doors but by being invited inside. However, if artists and curators think BLM is simply a modern extension of the civil rights movement, they are in for an unpleasant awakening… ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508717-black-lives-matter-establishment/
"6 Dec, 2020","Homeschooling’s rising popularity, spurred on by Covid-19, risks kids being ensconced in both digital and physical echo chambers","Reports indicate that a rising number of kids are being removed from schools, sparking a debate over whether, in today’s digital and polarised world, that will result in them being unable to accept or understand opposing views. Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney The popularity of homeschooling is rocketing, but there’s a raging debate as to whether that’s a good thing. The number of kids being educated at home in England has risen by38 percentin the past year.  Gail Tolley, of the Association of Directors of Childrens’ Services, admitted she had worries…”If a child is taken out of school, it is vital we know that they are in a safe environment and that their needs are being met.” In the English city ofSheffield, pre-lockdown, there were 462 families registered as home-educating, but since September, that is now 650. The figures are for children removed from schools and not those being educated remotely on a temporary basis due to Covid-19. Across the pond, homeschooling is even more popular. InTexas, the trend was increasing long before the pandemic. Over the past 20 years, there’s been a 228 percent rise in home-educated kids. According to the Texas Home School Coalition, it’s the fastest-growing form of education in the US and the cohort currently comprises 2.5 million children. Public schools in Mississippi alone, meanwhile, have enrolled23,000fewer students than last year, and officials are concerned. State Superintendent of Education Carey Wright stated:“My goal is to make sure they are in a learning environment."" At a national level, the US Department of Education found various reasons for the decision to homeschool: 12 percent cited religion and 29 percent pointed to a lack of safety. Some more numbers for you:Researchdiscovered 10 percent of American parents plan to homeschool this year. And, according toonlineschooling company Minerva Tutors’ CEO, Hugh Viney, demand for homeschooling this year has shot up 400 percent. Fears have been voiced that abusive parents may favour homeschooling, as they can avoid the watchful eye of teachers. But that’s countered by those educators who exploit their position of trust, such asRene Carter, in Montana, in the US, who just admitted to having sex with her teenage pupil – including in the classroom. The fear of abuse is a red herring – it is abhorrent whether at home or at school. No, what I consider to be the question we should be asking about homeschooling is this: does it affect a child’s ability to think critically? Supporters argue that education at home can be tailored to the needs of an individual in a way that it can’t in class. Dr Harriet Pattison, a senior lecturer in early childhood at Liverpool Hope University, agrees:“School is a standardised approach, but it doesn’t churn out a standardised product. Schooling is, in general, pretty monolithic. If you’re not learning to read in the classroom, often the only option is more of the same.” There are many companies who provide parents with a curriculum and a structure to deliver it, so giving children the tools to develop their language and mathematics skills, and so on, is not the concern here. But because the younger generation are big advocates of social media, they are at an inherent disadvantage in some key areas. Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts becomeecho chambersthat create confirmation bias – the natural tendency to seek and remember information in accordance with our existing beliefs. Instead of questions being posed by a teacher and members of the class stating their case in response, allowing everyone to think critically, homeschoolers have only their own opinion and no one to critique it. And social skills suffer, to boot. One parent, commenting online, echoed this:“I am sure that homeschooling has its benefits, but children need social skills too. They don’t develop those skills if they are at home.”However, Sarah Dickinson, who homeschools her three children, countered, telling RT:“The flexibility and responsive nature of home education allows for considerably more time to be devoted to research, critical thinking and debate than would typically be possible within a school curriculum.” Communication is also a concern, with one studyhighlightingthat, while social media provides information, there’s a downside:“Because of the lack of body signals and other nonverbal cues, social networking sites are not an adequate replacement for face-to-face communication.” We exist in an increasingly polarised world, encountering direct challenges to our opinions. This year, we saw the rise of the blacklivesmatter movement, whose demonstrations led in some places to rioting and counter-protests. Questions were sparked about police funding, historical legacies and community engagement. Donald Trump has questioned the legitimacy of the presidential election, with voices on both sides stating their case. Britain is facing Brexit, which is happening even though the nationwide referendum was split by only four percent between those who voted for and those who voted against. Facing opposing opinions and accepting decisions you don’t support is part of life. This is a worry Harvard Law School’sProfessor Elizabeth Bartholetdiscussed in her high-profile paper on homeschooling, in which she stated that traditional schooling“makes children aware of important cultural values and provides skills enabling children to participate productively in their communities and the larger society through various forms of civic engagement.” Alistair McConville, the director of learning and innovation at English public schoolBedalesthinks the echo chamber argument can be negated, as“isolation from peer interaction is crucial for adolescent development in particular, but if it’s set up so that homeschoolers interact regularly with other people in their boat, or via youth clubs or other extracurricular supplements, then there needn’t be a problem.” But, to many, taking kids to interact with peers at youth clubs, sounds a lot like the reason for enrolling them in school. If children only spend time engaged with their teacher-parents, then they’re going to absorb their opinions by osmosis. Then, online, they’ll seek out content promulgating those same opinions, further compounding the issue. It’s not hard to see how a dangerous cycle begins. The world has changed to such a degree that critical thinking must be instilled and developed in the younger generation. Homeschooling may have some merits but, on that most important issue of all, it fails. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508716-homeschooling-popularity-covid19-kids/
"4 Dec, 2020","BLM gets a lesson in how ‘trained Marxism’ really works, as leader rakes in millions while chapters get nothing","While the blacklivesmatter Global Network, led by ‘trained Marxist’ Patrisse Cullors, embraced the windfall of donations following the George Floyd protests across America, local chapters say they were left holding the bag. is a Serbian-American journalist, blogger and translator, who wrote a regular column for Antiwar.com from 2000 to 2015, and is now senior writer at RT. Follow him on Telegram@TheNebulatorand on Twitter@NebojsaMalic is a Serbian-American journalist, blogger and translator, who wrote a regular column for Antiwar.com from 2000 to 2015, and is now senior writer at RT. Follow him on Telegram@TheNebulatorand on Twitter@NebojsaMalic It was through the hard work of“radical black organizers”engaging in a“protracted struggle for our lives against police terrorism”that blacklivesmatter attracted millions of dollars in contributions this year, yet the BLMGN only recently invited selected chapters to apply for a $500,000 grant, ten chapters from across the US said in astatementthis week. “This is not the equity and financial accountability we deserve,”they declared. Despite millions being donated to the network, local chapters have lacked support & resources from national leadership. As a result, much of our local community work continues to be erased.#BlackLivesMatter#BLM10pic.twitter.com/JdbJOP53op The Global Network is“not accountable to local communities”and chapters, and due to its lack of support their work“continues to be erased,” blacklivesmatter DC said in a twitter thread. The newly announced BLM political action committee (PAC) and Grassroots entities were set up without the chapter approval – or even knowledge.“[All] of these events occurred without democracy,”the chapters said. This state of affairs isn’t exactly new. Between July 2017 and June 2019, the Global Network had spent $4.5 million on consultants, travel and salaries while giving only $328,000 to local chapters, according to theDaily CallerNews Foundation. What’s new is that BLM fundraising went stratospheric in May this year, as riots over the death of George Floyd in Minnesota spread across the nation – and evenglobally. BLMGN raked in millions using ActBlue, the fundraising platform serving the Democratic party, and while legions of fact-checkers insisted that none of that funding spilled over to the DNC or any campaigns, the Democrats admitted they also had a record fundraising haul paralleling the Floyd riots. As the African-American activists gave the party a piggyback ride yet again, the very least they could have got out of the deal was some cash for their trouble. Not only did the BLM chapters not get that, they also bore the brunt of the backlash against rioting, arson, andproperty destructioninflicted by the riots on their own communities. It was a win-win for the self-styled leadership, lose-lose for the actual footsoldiers on the ground. What blacklivesmatter chapters don’t understand is that the system they’ve embraced is working exactly as intended. They may have forgotten, and the mainstream media certainly hates reminding anyone, that Cullors boasted in a 2015interviewthat she and BLMGN co-founder Alicia Garza were“trained Marxists.” “We are super-versed on, sort of, ideological theories. And I think that what we really tried to do is build a movement that could be utilized by many, many black folk,”Cullors told Jared Ball of The Real News Network. Having been trained in Marxism myself many years ago, in a country that’s no longer around, I recall all too well how in“scientific socialism”everyone is supposed to contribute according to their ability and receive according to their need. What happens in practice, however, is that this incentivizes the needs to grow – and abilities to diminish. That’s even before the people in charge – who already believe they are “more equal than others” by the virtue of that, as George Orwell put it in ‘Animal Farm’ – decide that their needs are near-infinite. And since there’s a finite amount of wealth to be re-distributed, that means the needs of the many must amount to nearly nil. When the two inevitabilities converge… well, you get the picture. Therefore, it is only right and proper that the activists on the ground get nothing while the leaders such as Cullors, or the Democrats piggybacking on the movement, get to laugh all the way to the bank. Complain all you want, but this is part and parcel of the ideology you signed up for. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508736-black-lives-matter-money-marxism/
"4 Dec, 2020",Police swarmed Staten Island bar to arrest owner while NYC’s murder rate soars. The city’s priorities are dangerously skewed,"The owner of a NYC bar who stood up to Covid restrictions was arrested in a major show of force by sheriff’s deputies who prioritized one man’s civil disobedience over a soaring murder rate. Is this what New Yorkers want? is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram is an American journalist and political commentator at RT. Follow her on Twitter@velocirapture23and onTelegram Dozens of sheriff’s deputies stood guard outside Staten Island bar Mac’s Public House on Wednesday as co-owner Danny Presti returned to his business after spending the night in jail, reportedly for trespassing on his own property. As New York City crime hits heights unseen in years, state authorities saw fit to detail what the New York Times called a “phalanx of officers” to Mac’s to ensure the thousand-plus people who’d showed up to peacefully support the proprietor and his co-owner Keith McAlarney couldn’t get inside. It wasn’t the deputies’ first visit to Mac’s. A uniformed horde had descended on the bar to arrest Presti on Tuesday after a dubious sting by a handful of plainclothes deputies. The cops walked in, ordered food and drinks, and left a $40 “donation” – with none of these actions running afoul of the law – then arrested Presti when he refused to leave his bar. After continuing to serve customers last week despite Governor Andrew Cuomo’s heavy-handed crackdown on supposed Covid-19 “hot zones,” Mac’s liquor license was invalidated, but the bar responded by serving booze in exchange for donations – technically legal. Indeed, according to the bar’s lawyers, the sheriff’s deputies were the ones who broke the law. State Senator Andrew Lanza, a former prosecutor who joined a large protest outside Mac’s after Presti was taken away in cuffs on Tuesday, noted the cops had barged in without a warrant and the papers they’d provided him with did not justify arrest. Bar employees and even lawyer Lou Gelormino were slapped with thousands of dollars in summonses for merely being on the premises, suggesting the police were trying to make an example out of Mac’s. That move might have backfired, however. Ever since the proprietors of Mac’s declared it an “autonomous zone” last week, pointing out that thanks to Cuomo’s seemingly arbitrary designation of “red zones” and “orange zones,” individuals could walk just a block away from the bar and eat indoors, the case has been attracting media interest and popular sympathy. McAlarney spoke for many small business owners when he complained that “it seems that there’s a new rule or new mandate or new something every single day.” New York is in the midst of a crime wave, and while the New York sheriff’s department is not the NYPD, deputies are still armed law enforcement officers. Many residents have questioned why Sheriff Joseph Fucito has prioritized Mac’s serving customers over the 166 percent increase in shootings for August compared the same period in 2019. New York’s murder rate hit a five-year high in June. Violent crime in general has soared under the Covid-19 lockdown, yet cops are tasked with guarding state-sanctioned murals or playing “fun police” to break up private parties. Even non-police agencies like the Taxi and Limousine Commission have been pressed into service policing bars like Mac’s. The growing unrest over NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio’s horrifically skewed priorities is thus wholly understandable, if long overdue. Courts are finally starting to side with business owners, churches, and ordinary citizens whose lives have been turned upside down by unscientific, totalitarian restrictions. Especially with the recent discoveries ofmassive flawsin the ‘gold standard’ test for Covid-19, it’s past time to reconsider letting petty tyrants like Cuomo and de Blasio trample New York’s future and turn its inhabitants into skulking snitches. The snitches who found their calling in lifeobeying arbitrary ruleswill resist, of course – they swarmed a video of Wednesday’s protest against the targeting of the bar, gleefully speculating how many of the protesters would be dead by Christmas (while trying to excuse their own support for blacklivesmatter protests) – but no one’s forcing them to go outside. How many of these so-called patriots will be still standing by Christmas?pic.twitter.com/PGEMHvBPju Oh Marco. BLM demonstrators (with masks) where demonstrating AGAINST black people being killed. These people are Demonstrating (with no masks) to be ABLE to kill people. Can you see the difference? P.S-https://t.co/gQHzgDY9Pa Local activist Scott LoBaido, who led the protest on Wednesday, decried the injustice of people being allowed to swarm poorly ventilated big-box stores and pile onto planes by the hundreds while “trying to make a f**king living” was punishable by getting “raided by the goddamn Gestapo.” I’d be there if I was in NYC. Must WATCH.pic.twitter.com/xw4Ebnw3iP If we don’t show up and show f**king face we’re going to lose this whole f**king battle… If they fear you, they won’t f**k with you! You understand what I’m saying? Indeed, it’s not anti-lockdown protesters who will be dead by Christmas – it’s New York City if people don’t stand up to this dehumanizing new normal. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508707-nyc-bar-arrested-rebellion-priorities/
"4 Dec, 2020",Humor a great way to speak truth to power – ‘humor engineer’,"Humor can be a lifeboat in dark times when it seems we have nothing to laugh about at all. But how is today’s reality transforming what we find funny? We talked about this with Andrew Tarvin, humor engineer and bestselling author. Follow@SophieCo_RT InstagramSophieco.visionaries Podcasthttps://soundcloud.com/rttv/sets/sophieco-visionaries Sophie Shevardnadze:Andrew Tarvin, Humour Engineer and best-selling writer. Great to have you with us today. What a time to talk about humour! Andrew Tarvin:Oh, absolutely. It one of those times where people are like, ‘Is it okay to talk about humour?’ And in fact, it one of those things that is definitely needed. SS:All right, so let deconstruct this whole thing. You’re a self-described ‘humour engineer’ and you write books on how to master humour, make jokes funny, and seeing how we re in this wonderful year of 2020, do you see that the demand for humour is actually rising against a backdrop of the complete mess of everything, or not really? AT:No, it absolutely is. And I think part of the reason is, you know, with people being more socially distanced and much more things on virtual, they re realising how much humour that they used to have in their life that they re now missing because you no longer have hallway conversations with your co-workers, you don t have those impromptu meetups with friends, and even with strangers and people are wearing masks, you don t see the smiles and the laughs on their faces. And so, I think now more than ever it’s time to be really intentional about how we use humour, not just for our own kind of amusement, but also to do things like manage stress and build relationships and all the additional benefits that humour can provide us. SS:You said in a TED talk that humour has to be positive and inclusive. But here the thing, isn t humour supposed to be just funny, first and foremost? And is that like the most important thing in humour, and then everything else? AT:I would say that. So that true for comedy. Comedy’s goal is to make people laugh. But humour, we think, is a little bit broader than comedy. It includes things that are funny, but it can also be something that just a little bit different, or something that a little bit silly, where the goal is amusement, and our focus, at least, you know, as a humour engineer with my organisation, is in humour, that just supposed to be funny, we re interested in humour, that is transformational, with humour that is encouraging, humour that is inspiring, humour that is calming in some ways, and ultimately, humour that works. That it not just about making people laugh, but it about getting some type of better end result, which the positive, more inclusive forms of humour certainly help with in the workplace, as opposed to more negative forms of humour. SS:Okay, but if we focus a little on comedy, and I m saying, like, stand-up, and you know, all these late-night shows, and even, you know, the comedies that we see coming up. If I have a really good joke, let say, which is really nasty, at the same time, should I never let it see the light of the day, just because it might not really be positive or inclusive at all? AT:Well, you can certainly, if you re a stand-up comedian, then you let it go, you tell that on a comedy stage, and that the intention to really maybe kind of toe the line a little bit and make people laugh. You could also do it with friends as a way to create a little bit of catharsis or if they share your similar sense of humour, especially in groups like emergency first responders, police officers, firefighters, etc., they sometimes tend to have a little bit of a darker sense of humour, as a way to manage difficulties that they re going through, the tough stuff that they see and deal with every single day, which is understandable. But if you are a leader of an organisation, or if you re in a company, or you want to build positive relationships with people, that where you re going to change the type of humour that you use, and that where it all ultimately comes down to what your goal with humour. As you mentioned, I’m humour engineer, so we don t think of humour just as a thing for fun, but how does it help us to solve challenges, either at home or in the workplace, and then depending on the challenge that you want to solve, it might change the type of humour that you want to use. SS:An old joke goes, ‘how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? And the answer is: that not funny.’ And it my impression that humour has been having a very hard time lately. Whenever you want to crack a joke you should really think twice. Should I say this? Should I not say this? Am I going to hurt anyone? Is anyone going to be offended by this? Why has everybody become so sensitive? Who or what is to blame? AT:It’s a fascinating question. And I think humour is always evolving. The humour that was popular in the 50s and 60s, what we callvaudeville humouris more slapstick, it was more physical-based, that evolved into then more kind of jokes, like clear kind of set jokes of set up and punchline that evolved into more storytelling and authenticity with that storytelling. I think we re just seeing a continued evolution where some of the things that we used to joke about, hopefully we re saying, ‘well, maybe it not actually okay to joke about that’, maybe what you think of is something like a light-hearted joke, is really difficult for someone who had experienced that for a long period of time. And so, I think it just a cultural change, it ll continue to change, it ll continue to evolve. And part of being an adept humourist or comedian is adapting to the times and still finding the line and understanding when it appropriate to cross that line and when it not. In the workplace, it typically, usually not appropriate across the line, except for in very specific scenarios. But in a comedy club, that a little bit you know, different. So again, it goes back to where you re using that humour and what you want to achieve with it. SS:Well, I ve been talking a lot to comedians, especially stand-up comedians, because I m writing a book about humour in 2020. And I mean, humour, really, if we re honest with each other, especially in stand-up comedy, and with late-night shows, it gets really funny when making fun of something serious, right? Whether it politics, or sometimes even some kind of deaths or tragedy... How does comedy survive if it become too dangerous to be dangerous in your jokes? I mean, in a situation where you can t laugh at religion, gender, skin colour, sexual orientation, what is there left to laugh at? AT:Well, I completely agree. I think especially in the context of comedy, that nothing is off-limits, I don t think you can say ‘this subject you can t joke about’ because then who to say, who gets to be the decider of that? But I think how you joke about it is changing because you know, the fundamental kind of concept or structure within comedy, specifically within stand-up, is setup and punchline. So, a setup creates an expectation in the listeners’ brain, and then the punchline breaks that expectation in some way. And I think part of the reason for evolution and comedy is that for many years, that kind of clear setup was ‘we re gonna maybe be aggressive towards this particular group’ and then the punchline kind of changes that. But you can see comedians who are doing this very well, like I would say, even Dave Chappelle continues to kind of approach that line, but because of how he does a setup and punchline, who the target of the joke is, when you really parse it and break it down, you re realising that the target has changed, where if he talking about a certain specific group, a lot of times the target isn t actually that group, it the society perspective around it. And so, it becomes how you joke about that particular subject. I completely agree with you that I don t think any subject should be ‘off-limits’. SS:And I feel like this whole thing with humour has taken unprecedented scale, because if you look at what happened with Charlie Hebdo, and then just recently, a school teacher was beheaded in France for referring to Charlie Hebdo cartoons, which can get over the top on purpose. I mean, no doubt about that. I grew up in Paris, and you know, their irreverence in humour would annoy me a lot because I m not used to that. But at this point, like, it unclear whether it the cartoonists and satirists, and humour in general, that has to be protected in a situation like this, or do we have to set certain boundaries for humour so that it doesn t provoke outrage that we ve seen? And see, my reaction has swapped because last year, it was like over the top. And then this year, when I m seeing a continuation of this and the beheadings, even though I don t like that humour, I feel like Emmanuel Macron, I feel like we should stand up for humour. Do you know what I mean? So, I m having cognitive dissonance inside of me... AT:I agree with that because you have that balance between the two because, you know, things like this idea of freedom of speech or freedom of expression doesn t mean freedom from consequences. But at the same time, someone making a joke, the end result should not be them losing their life. And so, I think there probably a balance of both and I would say it probably more on the scale of people reaction because, you know, as a communicator, you have to decide if someone is offended by something. That data for you to kind of take into mind. You may not have meant offence by what you said, but understand, okay, why might this be offensive and ‘is that what I want to do, is that okay with me?’ So, I think the answer is a little bit on both sides, and people being willing to take responsibility and recognize that whatever your individual views are, they might not be the same as someone else s. And where that kind of common ground that we can meet? Of which a different style of humour can help us get there. So, the other understanding is that there a difference again between the setup and punchline of a specific thing, and other humour that we might use, and depending on the situation, which one is most appropriate, helping us get to what we want to get to long-term. SS:It seems like a more general question, but I always wonder about it lately. What is too much for humour exactly? I mean, who decides the boundaries of what one can joke about and how? AT:Yeah, well, it a very difficult question. The interesting thing about comedy is that it is both very simple and very hard. And the question ‘is something funny?’, the answer is, ‘did it make someone laugh?’. And so, what funny to one person can be very different than what funny to another person. And so each individual person is kind of deciding that and then what you re noticing, and this is a particular challenge that I think, ‘Hey, we can all maybe take a step back on this cancel culture’, where some people are then starting to get upset about jokes, or things that they never even actually heard or ever experienced, or aren t even really offended by, but suddenly there becomes this kind of mob mentality where it like, oh, everyone kind of jumping on board against this one person, so ‘let completely ruin everything that they have’. And I think that too extreme. I think certainly how people respond to it - So you have this in the US where a writer was hired for SNL and it came out that some of his old jokes weren t exactly culturally appropriate. And his reaction wasn t about an apology. It wasn t about like, ‘Hey, you know, I didn t mean to offend’. It was more of like, ‘But I m a comedian, this is what I m supposed to do’. And the problem is, you know, sometimes people use a joke as an excuse to just say offensive things and it not really actually a joke. And so, you know, that that fine line in balance. I think it a case-by-case basis, but it is what you as an individual do. I think if we all, like I said, had a little bit more compassion, we probably get a little bit further, but it those individual decisions that people are making. SS:It a really funny phenomenon when I look at the United States, because I see all these late-night shows’ hosts, which I adore, and they re vibrant, smart, intelligent, really funny, hilarious guys. And for the past year and a half or so I just see how they re stuck because they really can t joke about anything. Because people in America are even more sensitive than anywhere else in the world on the topics like, you know, feminism and blacklivesmatter and all of that that going on, like the whole new ethics that is our reality today. And so, what they re left with is Trump. If you joke about anything else, you get, you know, either fired or taken off air, but you can joke about Trump because that okay. And then half the country votes for Trump because he has become so popular because of that. Do you agree? AT:Well, I certainly agree from a news perspective as well as just the sheer amount of coverage of Trump has kind of run the discourse of what people talk about. It something that constantly. At least growing up for me in the US, I didn t think about the president of our country that often, it would certainly come up but, you know, over the last four years it probably been pretty much every single day, Trump has come up in some shape or form, whether that a news story or a comedian saying a certain thing or that kind of perspective. And so, it is interesting that it creating a lot more awareness and you know, just that person being the buzz. And I think that partly why comedians are talking about it is because what everyone else is talking about it. So it kind of a chicken and the egg challenge. I think you re seeing interesting, creative evolutions of comedy both because of subject matter, because of things like politics and because of technology, like a big part of Sarah Cooper’s rise was because she d took something and did things a little bit differently, right? We hadn t seen kind of that lip-synching thing. And that what interesting: when things become more extreme than what you used to? When this is like breaking norms, not necessarily in a good way, it becomes hard to create satire because the fictional satire that you write isn t as extreme as what the reality is. And so, Sarah Cooper adapted that by just saying, ‘I m not going to change any word, I m not going to pretend like this person is saying something else, I m just going to take it word for word, but add a different kind of performance to it’. And so, you are seeing kind of unique taste. And that a surprise, right? That creating a different setup, a different expectation, and then breaking that expectation. And I think that the evolution that we re seeing. But I completely agree that there is tremendous value in saying, ‘Okay, let talk about something else’. We as comedians or commentators or entertainers, etc. can help to shape what people are focusing on. And I think, finding those people and then allowing them, kind of giving them that platform could be very helpful. SS:I want to elaborate a bit about what I ve just said. I was talking recently to Frederick Beigbeder, the French novelist, and his last novel is actually about the end of humour. And he told me that the importance of comedy these days can be explained by the fact that politicians cannot really handle the situation well enough, often looking like clowns themselves. And it the comedians who are becoming the voice of public opinion, who’re influencing this opinion just as well. Do you agree? AT:I agree. I mean, there certainly even for the past 20 years or so people have considered comedians as the philosophers of our time. They are the people who are spending an inordinate amount of time thinking about a subject and finding ‘what the way to communicate it so that people actually listen?’ And I think that true. And you see this and other places around the world, but humour can be a great way to ‘speak truth to power’, where you can take a little bit of the edge off of something that actually true that you want to say by adding a little bit of a humour component to it. And a lot of truth is said in jest, where it like you can say a little bit of joke, but people are like, ‘Oh, actually, why is that that way? Why is that that culture?’ But what I think you re also seeing is… So, you re seeing that in by a couple of individuals, but you re also seeing kind of almost this public use of humour that I don t think that we ve always seen through things like meme culture. Meme now is arising. And it both been used by, you know, people on the left and the right, etc. going back to politics, it was used by Bloomberg’s campaign in the United States, it didn t necessarily work, but it was like ‘we re gonna hire a bunch of like young 20 somethings to create a bunch of means to try to create and get this message out there’. And so, you are seeing this change in terms of how some of that humour is executed. But in general, comedians, yes, I think are they re great philosophers. You re seeing it, like you said, in the news programs, a lot of people aren t getting the news, necessarily, at least younger people aren t getting their news from CNN. They re getting it from Trevor Noah and the Daily Show, or they re getting it from these comedians who are doing more comedic shows and bringing that additional fun and perspective to it. SS:You know, continuing about my conversation with Beigbeder - He also compared the current situation and the role comedians play in our life today with the orchestra of Titanic, which continues to play while the ship is sinking. Is our ship going down as well? And since the comedians cannot really stop it from going under, is laughing about it the only way to accept the inevitable? AT:Oh, well, I think that laughing about something is a great way to make it so that it doesn t have control over you. And this is actually one of the disadvantages to strictly comedy and even humour in some sense, is that humour relieves tension. And so that can be a great thing when you re very stressed out. But it can also lead to a lack of emotion, when not kept in check. And if you think about it, if you think back to the traditional days of king monarchy, they intentionally installed a jester, a court jester, because that was someone who could poke fun at the king, make everyone laugh, relieve some of that tension so that they didn t revolt. You see the same thing the initial reason for carnival in some countries was to say, ‘Okay, hey, we re going to be tough and crack down on people for 11 months of the year, but we re going to give you this one month of celebration so you get out all of that tension and anxiety and everything like that in that moment, so that you don t rise to power’. And so, I think that the disadvantage and so you have to understand that, again, it goes back to being a little bit clearer about the purpose of our humour, not just allowing it to be comedians going down with the ship and like, ‘Hey, we re gonna laugh at all this doom’, but how do we then hit that next step. And that why we focus on humour is that it doesn t stop at, ‘Hey, we ve made you laugh’, but ‘now that you re laughing, you are listening, and what do we do with your attention?’ Is it enough to just say, ‘Hey, we made you laugh, goodbye’? Or can we implant kind of the idea or a seed of maybe we can all be a little bit better, maybe we can all be a little bit more compassionate about each other. Or you see this also with, say, The Last Week Tonight and John Oliver is that every episode ends with some type of small call to action. It s, you know, go to this URL, donate to this thing or whatever. So, you re starting to see this evolution where people are saying, ‘Okay, what do I do with this attention that I ve got? Let me try to transfer that to some type of change’. SS:You know, since it is much easier to laugh about your president or environment and kind of shrug it off behind a good joke than actually to get up and do something about it, can humour and joking about everything actually lead to complacency, fatalism? AT:Exactly. And a component of complacency is a great way to put it. If we relieve too much of that tension and that where the purpose of that humour is, it needs to go that additional next step. If you want to actually create change, and you ve seen that in some different groups. So there a group, I believe, the story comes from Serbia, but it a situation where there a group called ‘Otpor’ and they intentionally use humour not as a way to kind of just say, ‘Let release some tension’, but as a recruiting rule for getting people to come in to this ideology of standing up to a dictator and they use humour to kind of poke fun at the dictator, but they made it fun so that more people would be wanting to get involved, because they had that thought, where it like, ‘Okay, yes, if you re going to protest against something, people are going to be bored if they re just kind of out there standing. But instead, if you add a humour component to it, if you say, ‘Hey, we know this is tough’, it not to say that the situation isn t serious but with a little bit of fun, we can make this actually more meaningful, more impactful, because we ll get more people involved because there an entertainment piece to it’. SS:You know, it like we re going through the worst crisis many of us might experience during our lifetime. Seeing how this pandemic is transforming actually everything, from the way we communicate, work, learn, our values, do you feel like it transforming humour as well? I mean, will it be different from what it was before 2020? And if yes, how? AT:I think that it will. I mean, humour is just like so many things, is always evolving. And I think culturally, it evolving. And I think the silver lining - I m an optimist, I think my grandmother is like the most optimistic person that I ve ever met. And I think that kind of like holds true for me. So, I m always kind of thinking about what is the silver lining in this. And I think part of it is the elevation of the status of humour. I think, like I said earlier, because we re not having the same forms of release that we used to have, if you think about, you know, we ve got more stress than ever, people are working harder than they probably used to, or they re unemployed. But they re doing it in a virtual space. A lot of times, if they re working from home, they don t have that work-life kind of separation, it feels more like work-life survival, and, you know, you re constantly working, barely ever turning it off, etc. So, you have this increase in stress, not to mention everything with the pandemic and everything else going on. But the normal modes of relieving that stress are gone. And you know, you can t go to sporting events, at least like you used to, even going out to get a drink with friends is now either a lot more stressful or actually impossible to do. Everything that you used to do is harder, even if you want to go hiking now there thousands of people out on the hiking trails, because it the one thing that you can do. And so, people are recognising, ‘oh, the thing that I am missing’. I don t think that they re quite there yet. But I think the long-term impact will be that people see, ‘oh, I need more humour in my life, I need more levity and how do I use it individually?’ I think you ll continue to see this kind of democratisation of individuals using humour, where it ll be less of a focus of - And there still going to be entertainers and comedians, but I think more people will ignore what they used to say, like, ‘Oh, I could never do that’ or ‘I m not funny’. My hope, my goal is that more and more people recognise that, ‘Oh, no, this is a skill, it a skill that I can and should learn, and here how I m going to bring my own personal style, not that I m not going to necessarily be a stand-up comedian, but maybe I m going to share more stories, maybe I m going to do some cartoons, maybe I m going to do some things just specifically for myself so that I am able to deal with the challenge that we have every single day’. SS:Andrew, thank you so much for this wonderful insight about how humour 2020 is transforming. It been really interesting talking to you. I wish you good luck with everything. AT:Thanks, it was fantastic talking with you, I loved that you ve clearly done your research and have a lot of insight of where it is going. I will say that, you know, for me again, our focus is how do we as individuals, take ownership of our own situation and use humour to help improve it. But I also loved this conversation of the macro view of comedy and where it going. So I appreciate the chance to have the conversation. SS:Thank you so much, Andrew, stay safe. AT:Thank you. SS:Bye. ",https://www.rt.com/shows/sophieco-visionaries/508639-andrew-tarvin-sophieco-visionaries/
"4 Dec, 2020",Leader of black-only NFAC militia ‘Grandmaster Jay’ arrested and faces 20 years in prison on federal charges,"John Fitzgerald Johnson, better known as ‘Grandmaster Jay,’ was arrested and charged with pointing a rifle at federal agents and Louisville, Kentucky police during a protest, which could land him in prison for 20 years. Johnson was arrested on Thursday and booked into a Louisville jail on federal charges, NBC affiliateWAVE-TVreported. Independent journalist Ford Fischer posted photos of the charging documents. The final federal charge is for allegedly ""Assaulting, resisting, or impeding officers or employees.""This is a 20-year felony.pic.twitter.com/ANgVu5BL9q The incident allegedly took place on September 4, when Johnson and his NFAC (Not F**king Around Coalition) gathered to protest against the killing of Louisville, Kentucky resident Breonna Taylor in a police raid. While Taylor was fatally shot in March, protests escalated following the May death of George Floyd in Minnesota and the subsequent wave of blacklivesmatter riots across the US. According to the affidavit, Johnson pointed his rifle in the direction of Louisville PD officers – who were apparently federally deputized – looking over the crowd of protesters from the rooftops of nearby buildings. Though heavily armed, the NFAC has not actually committed any acts of violence during the protests it was involved with. On one occasion, at the end of July, a member of the group accidentally shot himself and two colleagues with his own rifle at a Louisville protest. The group showed up in Lafayette, Louisiana in September and marched to chants of“Black Power”to protest against the police shooting of Trayford Pellerin, an African-American man killed the month before. One person was arrested for accidentally discharging a firearm during that protest, but the NFAC told reporters that the person was not part of their organization. Johnson has no prior convictions and reportedly served in the US military in the 1990s. He is a black separatist, who told RT that he wants the US to“give us our own land here, so we can go in, set up our own government and the whole nine yards”during an exclusive interview in June. His long-term goal, however, is“an exodus to Africa, to establish our destiny and build our own nation – and get a seat at the UN like everybody else,”he said. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/508635-black-militia-nfac-federal-charges/
"3 Dec, 2020","‘Yes, we can – but no, we shouldn’t.’ Radical leftists furious over Obama’s claim that ‘Defund the Police’ is a vote-losing slogan","The former US President has criticized ‘snappy slogans’ for alienating ordinary voters. Their irate response to his criticism is exactly why the left lost so much ground in the election. is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC is a game and tech journalist from the US. Aside from writing for RT, he hosts the podcast Micah and The Hatman, and is an independent comic book writer. Follow Micah at@MindofMicahC If 2008 and 2012 are any evidence, Barack Obama knows how to win an election. Though I’m admittedly nowhere near being his biggest fan, I will say he has a talent for wordsmithing. Easily the most radical president that we’ve had in my lifetime, Obama was able to package all of his ideas under the banner of “Hope and Change.” He defeated two seasoned Republican politicians because of it. You would think that when Barack Obama comes out and criticizes bad slogans and messaging that people would listen. However, members of the progressive wing of the Democrat party seem to be offended by what he’s saying. He specifically criticized the idea of defunding the police, and went on to discuss the issues with that kind of messaging: “I guess you can use a snappy slogan, like ‘Defund the Police,’ but, you know, you lost a big audience the minute you say it, which makes it a lot less likely that you’re actually going to get the changes you want done. But if you instead say, ‘Hey, you know what? Let’s reform the police department so that everybody’s being treated fairly. And not just in policing, but in sentencing. How can we divert young people from getting into crime?’” What Obama is saying is politics 101. This is a man who has traveled the country to win elections. Whether you agree with him or not politically, he knows how to win. I’m not a big fan of Bill Belichick, the head coach of the New England Patriots, either, but if the six-time Super Bowl champion wanted to give me tips on how to coach a high school football team, I would listen. Both men are serial winners. This is the major difference between a politician such as Obama and the members of The Squad. Obama is wise enough to pay attention to where and how losses are happening. Like other Democrats, he is currently celebrating the fact that, barring the uncovering of massive election interference, Joe Biden is the president-elect. But he’s also noticed the substantial losses in local elections and the ground lost in the House of Representatives. Anybody with a sense of reality would. If you were to tell someone in a fairly populated city in Texas or Montana that you wanted to defund the police, they’d look at you like a crazy person. Obama knows that, and he knows that accusations of white supremacy or racism aren’t going to fly either. This is a man who managed to coat social programs and government reliance with the sugary words that got him elected. He is able to get people to vote for programs that are further to the left and do that better than any politician that America has seen in a very long time. But, predictably, his comments drew irate pushback from progressives. Cori Bush, a blacklivesmatter activist and nurse who represents Missouri First District, tweeted: “With all due respect, Mr. President, let’s talk about losing people. We lost Michael Brown Jr. We lost Breonna Taylor. We’re losing our loved ones to police violence. It’s not a slogan. It’s a mandate for keeping our people alive. Defund the police.” Rep.Ayanna Pressley(D-Mass.) waded in to say: “The murders of generations of unarmed Black folks by police have been horrific. Lives are at stake daily, so I’m out of patience with critiques of the language of activists.” Not to be left out, the poster girl for progressive causes, the New York Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez posted a series of critical tweets, including: “The thing that critics of activists don’t get is that they tried playing the ‘polite language’ policy game and all it did was make them easier to ignore. It wasn’t until they made folks uncomfortable that there was traction to do ANYTHING, even if it wasn’t their full demands. The whole point of protesting is to make ppl uncomfortable.” The thing that critics of activists don’t get is that they tried playing the “polite language” policy game and all it did was make them easier to ignore.It wasn’t until they made folks uncomfortable that there was traction to do ANYTHING even if it wasn’t their full demands. If politicians such asOcasio-Cortezand her ilk don’t want to pay any mind to what Obama is saying, so be it – they’re free to ignore him and go their own way. What they’re not going to be able to ignore, however, is when the majority flips Republican in the House of Representatives in 2022. Will it happen? Yes, it can. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508567-radical-left-defund-police/
"3 Dec, 2020",Massachusetts set to become first US state to ban use of facial recognition by police,"Massachusetts is a governor’s signature away from forbidding its police from using facial recognition technology. There are no federal laws regulating the tech, which critics say is flawed and biased against communities of color. On Tuesday, the state House and Senate voted in favor of a police reform bill, introduced in the wake of the killing of African-American man George Floyd, and subsequent ‘ blacklivesmatter ’ protests across the US. It now needs to be signed by Massachusetts governor, Charlie Baker, to become a state law. The reform almost entirely bans the use of biometrical surveillance by law enforcement and public agencies in Massachusetts. There’s only one exception: police will still be able to run facial recognition searches against the state’s driver’s license database. This will only be possible with a warrant, however. Law enforcement will also be obliged to publish transparency reports every year, with data on how many such warrants had been issued. The bill also outlaws chokeholds and rubber bullets, while placing restrictions on tear gas and other crowd-control means in the arsenal of security agencies. However, qualified immunity for the police, which protects serving officers from legal action for misconduct, has been left inplace. The State Police Association of Massachusetts blasted the reform, saying that it“misses the mark.”According to the law enforcers, the initiative only“creates layers of unnecessary bureaucracy and costly commissions staffed by political appointees with no real-world experience in policing and the dangers officers face every day.” Local authorities are forced to act on the use of facial recognition technology on their own, given the lack of any US federal legislation regulating the controversial issue. It has already been banned by Portland, Boston, San Francisco, Oakland in Northern California and some other cities. Massachusetts may see the introduction of the first ever state-wide curbs. The harshest restrictions so far have been introduced in Portland, Oregon, which has seen months of violent clashes sparked by police brutality. The city has barred not only all of its agencies from using facial recognition, but also made it illegal for such tech to be deployed in public spaces by private companies. The facial recognition technology, which in many evokes daunting associations with Big Brother from George Orwell dystopian novel‘Nineteen Eighty-Four,’has long faced criticism for being flawed and for disproportionately misidentifying people from communities of color. “No one should have to fear the government tracking and identifying their face wherever they go, or facing wrongful arrest because of biased, error-prone technology,”Kade Crockford, who heads the Technology for Liberty program at the ACLU of Massachusetts, told TechCrunch, welcoming the vote by the local legislators. Major tech companies have been acknowledging both technical and legal issues regarding facial recognition. In June, IBM announced that it will stop developing the technology altogether, while Amazon vetoed the police from using its biometrical surveillance platform for a year, saying that it wanted to give Congress“enough time to implement appropriate rules.” State laws however, don t stop federal authorities from expanding their own use of facial recognition. The controversial Clearview AI company – which, from among other sources, relied on social media sites to compile its database of billions of images – has already signed contracts with several government agencies. The latest deal was struck with Immigration and Customs Enforcement in August. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/508547-massachusetts-facial-recognition-police-ban/
"2 Dec, 2020",So you think a bitter Trump is behaving disgracefully over relinquishing the White House? History shows he’s not the first...,"‘Ok, loser, it’s time to give up power. That means you, Mr Ex-President.’ It’s never an easy message for leaders to swallow, and the current one is obviously finding it harder than most. But he has some illustrious company. ByPolly Boiko, Senior Editor based in London. Before that she was the face of satirical online project ICYMI, and reported on important events as the UK correspondent for RT International. Follow her on Twitter@polly_boiko The transition of power in America, in those dark, cold weeks between the election in November and the new president’s inauguration in January, is a delicate process. It’s a chance for the self-styled ‘world’s greatest nation’ to show others how a grown-up, mature democracy acts. And a chance for the outgoing, soon to be ex-leader of “of the free world” to demonstrate that he (no she’s yet, Kamala, wait your turn) is above feeling bitter, sour, or uncooperative. Even. Though. He’s. A. LOSER. And staring down the barrel of  “consulting” for Goldman Sachs, endless ribbon-cutting ceremonies and dreary after-dinner speeches, tedious charity work, and the obligatory setting up of a (ex) presidential library that no one wants to visit. A life in decline, where your only bit of fun isgrabbing the assesof women that are in your line of fire because you’re in a wheelchair. At best, the handover of power involves a good working relationship, or at least a mutual respect, between the incumbent, lame-duck prez, and the newly-elected leader who’s headed for the White House. The words that should be at the forefront here are ones such as honourable, graciousness, decentness and humility - witness one-term George H Bush’s handwrittenletterleft for his usurper Bill Clinton in 1993: “You will be our President when you read this note. I wish you well. I wish your family well.” And then there’s the Donald Trump way. The words that come to mind here are one such as immature, sore loser, spoiled brat, and thin-skinned. Doing the presidential equivalent of stamping his foot and taking his ball home, it looks a lot like Trump is, well, doing his best to f**k it up for the incoming Biden administration. He’s blacklisting Chinese companies in the US before a China-friendlier Biden even takes office. He’s ordering troops back home from Afghanistan and other hot spots, against the wishes of most generals. He’s presided over a Department of Justice rule change that will effectively bring back firing squads and electric chairs for states that can’t get hold of the drugs for lethal injections (and yet, go figure, he’s against abortions…). He’s apparently considering handing our preemptive pardons to favoured consigliere such as Rudy Guliani and the like, and maybe even one for himself and his family. And he’s still not even accepted the reality that – sorry, Mr President – he LOST last month’s election, big time. Why concede when you can still whine, after all? He’s managing to convince half of America (the red half, natch) that the election was stolen from him, simply through repeating it loudly and often, despite no evidence to support his claims. ‘RIGGED ELECTION!’, ‘FAKE RESULT!’, ‘STOP THE STEAL!’, ‘WE WON!”. Donald’s the orange-hued Dory of this satirical s**tshow: “Just keep tweeting… just keep tweeting…” Then it must all be true, huh? What’s the next scene, a flouncy refusal to attend his successor’s inauguration on January 20? Except maybe at the head of a bunch of armed Proud Boys, marching down 16th Street (sorry, blacklivesmatter Plaza), standing by ready to reoccupy the White House? I suppose it means we’re not likely to see some uber-awkward and ultra-civil photos like the ones of Trump and Barack Obama back in 2016 – when Obama had to be a good ol’ boy, grit his teeth, andwelcomehis nemesis into the White House. But many presidential transitions have been tough. John Adams and Thomas Jefferson, the founding fathers and supposed BFFs,fell outso badly during the course of the election in 1800 that Adams didn’t even go to Jefferson’s inauguration. In 1828, when Andrew Jackson won the election, the vitriol, including charges of adultery, thrown at him by his opponent, John Quincy Adams, was so vicious that he became convinced it contributed to his wife dying of a heart attack just before Christmas. Understandably bitter, Jackon refused to pay a courtesy call on Adams during the three weeks before his inauguration, which the defeated man then refused to attend. But history also shows us that, sometimes, making a transition awkward can be all about doing very little. Take the great depression election of 1932, when Herbert Hoover had to make way for Franklin D Roosevelt. HooverhatedFDR, mostly for being disabled. He called the partially paralyzed FDR a “chameleon on plaid”, accused him of dealing “from the bottom of the deck”, and said that the Democrat’s tendencies would put the USA “on a march to Moscow.” So, in the midst of the worst banking crisis ever, lame-duck Hoover sat back and did nothing to improve the dire economic situation or intervene. Paving the way for FDR to inherit an even bigger mess. In response, FDR called Hoover a “fat, timid, capon.” Which, of course, is a castrated rooster. A fat and timid one, at that. The period of a presidential transition is also a dangerous one when it comes to foreign policy. It’s unlikely that Israel would have whacked that Iraniannuclear scientistlast week without Trump’s tacit approval – perhaps in the hope of provoking Tehran into doing something rash. Both Bibi Netanyahu, the Israeli leader, and the Donald are said to feel a rising anxiety about the impending arrival of the Biden team, which wants to bring the Iranian nuclear deal back from the deep freeze. The disastrous Bay of Pigsfiascoin April, 1961, the failed US-backed invasion of Cuba, took place just three months into the John F. Kennedy presidency. Many historians have blamed it on the power vacuum of the transitional period. An original, stealthy plan had been approved by Eisenhower. By the time his old guard in the CIA sold it to a freshly inaugurated Kennedy, it had ballooned into a full-blown invasion. But there’s awkward transitions, and then there’s Bill Clinton. His team’s lack of largesse, shall we call it, when handing over the reins to George W Bush after a bitterly contested legal fight with Bill’s chosen successor Al Gore over the election in 2000, has become the stuff of legend. First of all, there’s the presidential pardon controversy. Clinton, aided by his lobbyist brother and brothers-in-law, pardoned 140 people on his last day in office. His list of excused included world-wide pariah Marc Rich, a cocaine trafficking kingpin, a few major terrorists, and, oh yeah, his own brother, Roger. But even then, the Clinton team didn’t leave the White House gracefully. Democrat staffers reportedly ripped phones from the walls, cut presidential seals from the carpets and left anti-Bush graffiti in the stalls of the men’s toilets. But perhaps best and bitterest of all, they removed the letter W from 62 of the White House’s computers - which was a bit of a problem since George W was referred to simply as “W” to differentiate him from his dad. It was obviously a prank. Some of the missing W keys were eventually found on top of extremely high door frames. The Clinton team denied many of these claims, but the General Accounting Officereportedthat the White House had suffered $15,000 worth of damage. A third of that had to be spent on replacing keyboards. So transitions of power are a spectrum, with the Clinton-to-Dubya transition at one end of the scale (we’ll call it the ‘college frat party’ end), the ‘Fat capon’, do-nothing Hoover-Roosevelt somewhere in the middle, and the frankly delightful, if awks, Obama-to-Trump transition at the ‘tea with the Queen’ end. We’re yet to see where the 2020/2021 handover of power is going to end up. But I think it might, just might, trump the lot of them for its sheer awfulness. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508491-trump-power-bitter-white-house/
"2 Dec, 2020",Darth Vader statue erected on Bristol plinth once belonging to BLM-toppled monument to slave trader,"A statue of Darth Vader has appeared on a Bristol plinth where blacklivesmatter activists tore down a monument to slave trader Edward Colston. Actor Dave Prowse, who played the iconic villain in Star Wars, died in recent days. Tributes to Bristol-native Prowse have been pouring in since news of his death at age 85 broke on Sunday. There were numerous calls for a monument to be erected in his honour and it appears that someone took matters into their own hands and erected the Vader statue on the empty Colston plinth. Love that a statue of Darth Vader has appeared overnight on the Colston plinth in Bristol.A fitting tribute to Dave Prowse,but should it stay there?pic.twitter.com/Y37ZRyMiim It isn’t yet clear who is responsible for the figurine, which only measures about a foot in height, or whether it has permission to be there. However, the development has been well received, with many calling for it to stay in place or else for a larger Vader statue to be installed in tribute to the local hero. The Colston statue was torn down by protesters during the wave of blacklivesmatter demonstrations that swept the UK in June. The mob of activists threw the bronze bust of the 17th-century merchant into Bristol harbour. Since Colston was removed the empty plinth has been occupied by various sculptures and statues, including a blacklivesmatter protester and a peculiar Jimmy Savile mannequin. However, they have all been quickly removed. Prowse died following a short illness. The actor grew up on the outskirts of Bristol and was best known for his role in the original Star Wars trilogy. ",https://www.rt.com/uk/508485-darth-vader-statue-bristol-colston/
"2 Dec, 2020",‘Yes we can’t?’ Obama scorched after denouncing ‘defund the police’ as just a ‘snappy’ slogan that alienates voters,"Former US president Barack Obama has been scolded, most notably from some of his own fellow Democrats, for commenting that “snappy” slogans like the progressive rallying cry to “defund the police” only alienate potential voters. “You lost a big audience the minute you say it, which makes it a lot less likely that you re actually going to get the changes you want done,”Obama said in an interview on Snapchat show ‘Good Luck America’ set to be broadcast on Wednesday, according to Axios. The Democrat advocated a supposedly more pragmatic approach, saying, “The key is deciding, do you want to actually get something done, or do you want to feel good among the people you already agree with?” The call to“defund the police”was popularized during the wave of anti-racism protests and riots, which swept the US following the killing of African American man George Floyd during arrest by Minneapolis Police. Since then, it has been used by activist groups like blacklivesmatter and even some politicians. It has been widely argued that the simplicity of the phrase“defund the police”might lead Americans to believe it’s a push to disband law enforcement altogether. While in actuality, its proponents say it is a call for reallocation of some state funds towards social services like housing and mental health-care. Progressive Democrats immediately broke ranks with the ex-president, berating him for making light of the situation and schooling him on the difference between ‘slogans’ and ‘policy.’ “It’s not a slogan but a policy demand,”tweeted Minnesota Congresswoman and ‘Squad’ member Ilhan Omar. Missouri’s Congresswoman-elect Cori Bush also responded to Obama, saying that while she is concerned with losing people electorally,“We’re losing our loved ones to police violence”and that ‘Defund the Police’ is“a mandate for keeping our people alive.” “There been a whole lot of talk about which phrases help or hurt electoral campaigns. I’ve seen VERY little talk about which strategies actually solve the crisis at the center,”wrote Jamaal Bowman, incoming congressman for New York’s 16th District. We lose people in the hands of police. It’s not a slogan but a policy demand. And centering the demand for equitable investments and budgets for communities across the country gets us progress and safety.https://t.co/Vu6inw4ms7 With all due respect, Mr. President—let’s talk about losing people. We lost Michael Brown Jr. We lost Breonna Taylor. We’re losing our loved ones to police violence.It’s not a slogan. It’s a mandate for keeping our people alive. Defund the police.https://t.co/Wsxp1Y1bBi There been a whole lot of talk about which phrases help or hurt electoral campaigns.I ve seen VERY little talk about which strategies actually solve the crisis at the center.We re here to solve things right? Talking about talking isn t doing that. The backlash to Obama’s words did not remain inside the beltway, and his own famous“snappy”campaign slogan from 2008 ‘Yes We Can’ started trending on Twitter, as commenters mocked him for hypocrisy. Critics derided Obama for relying on“empty”rhetoric, reminding readers that during his own eight years in the White House Democrats lost both the House and the Senate to Republicans.“Snappy slogans like “Yes we can,”of course, are awesome because they are vague and promise nothing,” tweeted one person. Snappy slogans like ""Yes we can,"" of course, are awesome because they are vague and promise nothing. ""Defund the Police"" implies specific policies that politicians will then be accountable for. Folks, you only win people with empty slogans like ""yes we can"". ""Yes, we can"" literally lost thousands of seats in 8 years.Those who ran on Defund the police didn t lose and only those who let their opponents control the narrative of what DTP means lost. Obama literally won the presidency on the slogans “yes we can” and “change”. The latter of which is ONE word.The only difference is that “Defund the police” is a slogan with actual policies behind it. Policies that are made clear in the slogan itself Some took a jibe at Obama’s slogan by combining it with the current rallying cry tweeting“Yes We Can defund the police.” oh sorry, Yes We Can defund the policehttps://t.co/m0qqdLIoWz While the backlash was fierce, some fully agreed with Obama, saying that“far-left”slogans like“defund the police”do indeed drive voters away. The far-left would rather throw temper tantrums over President Obama calling out their dumb slogans than admit the consequences of their actions-and how it played right into the@GOP hands.""Yes we can"" brought people together.""Defund the Police"" drives them away. Period. Obama is RIGHT and It really amazing and baffling that people think of ""Yes We Can"" and ""Change"" in the same light as ""Defund the Police."" It really really worrying that the need to trend on Twitter and social media has clouded every ounce of pragmatism in today ""activism.""https://t.co/T89Ly7XsUc ",https://www.rt.com/usa/508448-obama-defund-police-slogan/
"2 Dec, 2020",Minneapolis sees shocking 537% spike in carjackings as City Council pushes for ‘irresponsible’ cuts to police budget,"Minneapolis has suffered a surge in crime that has coincided with a severe shortage of police officers. Undeterred, City Council members want to make further cuts to law enforcement. Police have registered a 537-percent increase in violent carjackings in the city compared with last November, the local Star Tribunereported. More than 125 such crimes have been recorded over the past two months, with three separate carjackings reported within a one-hour period on Saturday morning. One of the victims, an elderly woman, was struck on the head by her assailants. “The numbers are staggering,”a Minneapolis police spokesperson told the paper.“It defies all civility and any shred of common human decency.” Authorities have blamed the crime wave on“small groups of marauding teens,”but acknowledged that adults have also been arrested in connection to the string of carjackings. The surge in this type of attack has prompted the city’s police force to create a new coding system to help keep track of the criminal acts. The spree of carjackings isn’t the only public safety crisis facing the city: Ananalysisby the Star Tribune in September found that violent crimes – including homicide, rape, robbery and aggravated assaults – were up 17 percent from the previous five-year average for this period. More than 500 people have been shot in Minneapolis so far this year, the highest number of gunshot victims in more than a decade. The Minnesota metropolis has also seen 79 homicides since January, a figure approaching the record annual murder count of 97 in 1995, which earned the city the title of“Murderapolis”in the New York Times. The city has seen a mass exodus of officers since the death of George Floyd at the hands of the Minneapolis police in May, which triggered violent, nationwide protests and campaigns to ‘defund’ law enforcement. Minneapolis has lost 120 officers since the start of the year, with more personnel expected to depart in the coming weeks. In mid-November, the City Council allocated nearly $500,000 to bring in cops from other departments to help until the end of the year. Despite the crime surge and personnel shortage, a trio of City Council members, including Council President Lisa Bender, havesubmitteda proposal that would cut the Minneapolis police budget by nearly $8 million. Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey and Police Chief Medaria Arradondo have condemned the plan, with Frey describing it as“irresponsible and untenable.” The proposal calls for more resources to be allocated for alternative forms of policing. Frey said he supports the idea but that cutting the number of police would be disastrous for the city. “This is literally a life and death matter right now and we need to get it right,”he warned on Monday. ",https://www.rt.com/usa/508416-minneapolis-police-cuts-crime-wave/
"1 Dec, 2020",The Tories and Labour are using a planeload of Jamaican criminals as pawns in a political pissing contest while Britain crumbles,"A battle is raging over whether or not a group of murderers and rapists should be returned to Kingston, but is either side really interested in the individuals and public safety, or is it all just meaningless posturing? Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Chris Sweeney is an author and columnist who has written for newspapers such as The Times, Daily Express, The Sun and Daily Record, along with several international-selling magazines. Follow him on Twitter@Writes_Sweeney Britain’s political machine is in a frenzy over a single issue. Correcting the bumbling Covid-19 response? No. Preparing the country for Brexit? No. The safety of 13,000 jobs following retail giant Arcadia administration? No. The burning issue is 28 Jamaicans due to be deported on Wednesday. Among them are convicted murderers, rapists and drug dealers. Some have committed child sex offences and other have been involved in gun crime. They are reported to have served a combined 228 years in prison. The original passenger list for the Kingston-bound flight was 50 but that has been bargained down by the back and forth in Westminster. In the blue corner, the ruling Conservative government led by Boris Johnson. And in the red corner, the opposition Labour party. The nitty gritty of shipping out undesirables is the remit of Home SecretaryPriti Patelwho said: “It is foreign national offenders that the Labour Party want to put first. Killers. Rapists. Drug dealers. Convicted foreign criminals who have no right to be in this country.” She has already blinked by agreeing not to return any Jamaicans who came to the UK under the age of 12. Part of the sensitivity relates to the Windrush scandal. That saw hundreds from the Caribbean threatened with or actually deported because they arrived before 1973. Back then they had an automatic right to permanently remain but because it was a formality, many never got any paperwork. So when the hostile environmental policy came into law in 2012, they couldn’t prove their legitimacy and ended up in a bureaucratic minefield. The current flashpoint is unrelated, but for the mainstream media and some politicians, it has been an easy dog whistle to blow. Patel is not being distracted and is marching onward. The airline that is set to carry them is being kept secret, as this is now a major PR operation. If those 28 people don’t go hurtling down a runway somewhere in Britain, then Patel will look weak and be torched by her party for letting criminals loose. In reality, the group makes up such a small number, it will have no effect in a national sense either way. AHome Office spokespersonsaid: “We make no apology for seeking to remove dangerous foreign criminals to keep the public safe. Each week we remove foreign criminals from the UK to different countries who have no right to be here; this flight is no different.” The government has already flip-flopped on school meals, exam results and using Huawei equipment, so it can’t afford another. It’s about showing – we are in control, we call the shots. While the Tories try to look tough, Labour is playing the ‘we’re all someone’s son or daughter’ card and have got #StopThePlane trending on Twitter. Arch left-winger, former leader and currently whipless Jeremy Corbyn tweeted: “We need an end to the hostile environment and to treat people with humanity, respect and consideration.” I have written to the Home Secretary to express my concern about the imminent deportation flight to Jamaica that is scheduled for Wednesday.We need an end to the hostile environment and to treat people with humanity, respect and consideration.pic.twitter.com/2tdiqHUVaT And Clive Lewis MP posted online: “The Government is doing little more than pay lip service to righting wrongs and correcting injustices. I’ve coordinated a letter asking @pritipatel @ukhomeoffice to #StopThePlane and stand alongside nearly 70 MPs and peers calling for Wednesday’s flight to be cancelled #Jamaica50.” The Government is doing little more than pay lip service to righting wrongs and correcting injustices. I’ve coordinated a letter asking@pritipatel@ukhomeofficeto#StopThePlaneand stand alongside nearly 70 MPs and peers calling for Wednesday flight to be cancelled#Jamaica50pic.twitter.com/eV2DPtMo4l Backing them up is a letter signed by 82 black public figures, including author Bernardine Evaristo and supermodel Naomi Campbell. Labour is trying to appear as if they want to offer a place to everyone in British society. It’s two ideologies facing off in front of an audience of millions but 28 Jamaicans are caught in the crossfire. The politicians have decided they know best, but has anyone asked them? Is deportation from the UK in its current state such a bad thing? Asylum seekers are being stuffed into hotels all over the country, given no money and left to rot. It’s no wonder there are reports of mental health problems, borne out by the horrendous knife attack in Glasgow which ended with the refugee being shot, when he actually wanted to cancel his application to remain. The country is riveted by draconianlockdownsthat make no sense with one in six people admitting to no longer following them. The Covid death toll is almost 60,000 and families are seeing loved ones pass away via iPad. Then there’s those who want to welcome immigrants like these Jamaicans and accommodate them no matter the circumstance. But instead of fixing the issues, working together, improving things and getting a resolution – Britain political power brokers are having a pissing contest. Maybe their lives will be better back home, maybe not. But none of our elected officials – who earn a basic salary of £81,932 – bothered to do anything of note before this shouting match. Even now, it’s all words and TV-friendly cliches, depending on what side of the fence they are on. It shows how low we’ve sunk. 28 Jamaican criminals are the scraps Britain’s politicians are fighting for to satisfy their bloodthirsty bases. ",https://www.rt.com/op-ed/508380-jamaica-deportees-uk-government/
